**User Documentation**

1 Pipeline architecture and function {.western}
====================================

This pipeline implements the GATK's best practices for germline variant
calling in Whole Genome and Whole Exome Next Generation Sequencing
datasets
([https://software.broadinstitute.org/gatk/best-practices/](https://software.broadinstitute.org/gatk/best-practices/)),
given a cohort of samples.

In its latest version, 3.6, the best practices include the stages shown
in Figure [1] below, which are:

1.  Mapping to the reference genome

2.  Marking duplicates

3.  Base recalibration (BQSR)

4.  Variant calling –----- (processing done per sample)

5.  Joint genotyping –----- (processing done for all samples together)

These stages are implemented in this pipeline, with an optional “Indel
Realignment” step (which was recommended in previous GATK best practices
\< 3.6)

With an optional additional stage of checking the quality of input data
and trimming, the pipeline can also be run as: Alignment stage only,
Complete variant calling with realignment and Complete variant calling
without realignment depending on the user’s ANALYSIS setting.

![](data:image/png;base64,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)

Figure 1: Best Practices for Germline SNPs and Indels in Whole Genomes
and Exomes

\
\

Under the hood, this pipeline splits and merges files at different
stages to achieve optimal usage of resources. This parallelization of
data processing is shown in Figure [2] below:

![](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAygAAAJqCAIAAABPcfN1AAAACXBIWXMAAAwWAAAMFgHtyNHlAADPZklEQVR4nOzdB1wT5xsH8Mtk7y2IICAqKCqKiqigKI5aZ7XVuq3bv1pn1da6ta66Z93WUa1at4AMQURwIKLIniJT9sz4XwgERJZC9u/7iZi7XO7eJM+be967y/vSuVwuIcHe393Zburz1JTzihQhbqUwJSosS72bjb4Qt9EEkadXjLhu+/raRGG+ByBBEPYEwh7kEuo+IQd1ny7uAkiExNsHp913ePXP97L6MQN8DmEPIJ9Q98ULiRcAAACAiEhZ4hX658wfn/b9b5XRvEkzbr+I7Tnql2tnNxooU/kPTXjieOl/GjMnzfKL/ug2bcP5Ayt0Kg/Xei4fsUtpze11XfmT3MJEK/1hnmkvWilTIk+vaPvTbnImlfID+XfppfjtY01rbJddmL518cxNx/8r4nDMOjhvO3JpbE/eQVpWXsr+zb/v++vvmPR8S4eRR04e69deR1DUicGu99e3mjNuwrXgpO9XHD21eRKTlfvnkukrD1w17DL2/r0zbXWZgoXrKXwNxRkxaxfO2X3BnaJitvrPE6umOdPRbJFpCHsCYQ9yCXWfkMW6L2WJFyn04pzVlscvPolQopZdWDbWacT+8Af/o/EfuvTT6lbn3N+lKlBYd/+Y3aHnsphnOxSpDazQatJmv9S0qV5dXt6YzaRSqLTP3xP2b659HnecG5Z0RINJpMaHv8su5T9QnJnS0nmS57zfVRWpsc/ujbHvdD462qlFRWy9vbFyQtF3O/722FGWPMt1+LCSrI4JT3suXhOzfMuFX6f3cVqS8HafINIaWfiyjLC2JvYuv56Ien+GyI1fNGzkqLizNzb0k/I4hAYg7BH2IJ9Q92Wv7ktf4qVmOOTw72NVeR8Pffz6P1cZjk0pWmCixPsUFJR6H984TpEXkowhy/d1329x8dVvUzqpN7BGCk1XW0tBVU+Jyaj9s2TleYdzD96ea67FW7W2jn67ykdUzbqMNqu4r+s22f1I+MI/n979w4k/h8o1v3hhW3mKb3bh8ha93vOnh2aOtlUlp5ccunBMt+frrD+76vBrUCMLzz37v9nGUy6dWD2cV1RDg8sBHuYm4+JWhpirSHUcQgMQ9gh7kE+o+7JX96Uv8TLtNUKlMimmKmq3YOSmF3FMlHifXivn7zUZlctRlSYMsT1zI2pKpy5N3SRdtU8b4scpq8/t+l97MyMGrdrnzWU/vnp05brtj17H8mdYubXkEE78ArYeMEWnoiVAaFjaMhid+lur8icpitqtFQre57KJyihsVOHZBWfuhM4PGCAoAV3L0sUwKzCx2LytUlNfJkgwhD3CHuQT6r7s1X3pS7wYSsrVooBCIdgsTsWEkpZu9Ye0tVQ/JGc1xzbpm7wDWm1a2dfaNIfN7jZi6ZXTW0zVeW+d96Ypo08X3brhZdtKj0mnhl36ffTxQkH/HApqGoLyUKh0KkWJWXUclUqjcFmcqr48GlN4Lqsws6xsfHuV8Z/O75ZVTK6gOV4pSCiEPcIe5BPqvuzVfelLvOqRmxxHBmRFOk1wExIzDK21+RMMOo3N5giW5LLLyr6kAzOqotbsDUfIW+HH5L0Lxjk4rkgI3cnkFu/Y437UP7Znm4oIUGGVCaPwAhSakiZd8URQxPgOutVnM5hMAuQVwh5APqHuSymZSrwS/f9KLFhsVn7ql1uaeeBmyNxllvyHDCzMku/FcAkHfoqdG/HkfWlVxNAUFcuK8smobPCksbKW8dKdO9eZLilgE0wKu4hF1VQRvIes86fuEcTUZi98FbrqpIHWN+/GTe1q/HVbAdmDsAeQT6j7UkqmEi+C/nHMtwtPnfhFn563Y8aYJPPp39tVXKnX+tuJKXNHer4b0L+Ndl5K2I+TVhKEquB5Bp27xUzfFBQz1EZfXUFJ+ZNT2mRMFKeu+PX0qInDWxvrEcWZhxb9z8R5QvlhV+VJw6x+W3ve6egUBQrL/+Ta3U8jdB2av/DVUKYcOrbFpOs0ypE1UweqM4mMlHj3//wnLP9ZW7obANAECHsA+YS6L51kKvGyGb3r+mrD6UO7PQhLcZ28/tW1X5QqTzAz9DoFe2z9xsk8LKNs1II/9ty64NZhnuCJau2HXVznNbBNy1w2+/NOTShMTXujvP+NGxgUnkBj6k9bsfXZr1PKD5BSJh3/L3n2D4q0qcp67Tcd+Mv/gtLw3c1f+OoYujbvUiO3//Jzp1bT8tg0W8eBi5atUWfUsiTICYQ9gHxC3ZdSkp54tRi8JOdD1WSHRUefV3+YoRmQHSOYolKVTdo533+dVOuqzHqPe50+TjAZlf+y6jEKfdTKveSt9kJQFcb9vIG8ff4Ihamx6sSdVScEM3rEjqy9qHT9bsUl3tWfeSsz85ON1F14q8nbwiZXTTI0TFYdvLzqYO2FBRmAsCcQ9iCXUPcJOaj7kp54AQAAAMgMJF4AAAAAIiI7iVfNQ7JSRaoLD2Ik1ZEj1YUHEC+prj5SXfimk53ECwAAAEDCIfECAAAAEBFZSLwiPU4P/W5eZHbB9EPhB0bn6rRckpTvq1n+yiJPrxhx3fb1tYlfPpwm99yM4SWzzkzvpsmfDr93YsSPC99l5pNbOT7b+ivKWZgSFZal3s1Gv5HLJ9zaseRZ93/W9v6KbYFsQ8wDyC1Uf2kn9YkXJz9uwLBV27xfDrExVFBUoRVEDxjQvY4h179A6YfgzYGmz49qCrbiNvLXP7xf8LfydetMvH1w2n2HV/9838jSmQ76KXe+W+TPj63UauveBOQVYh5AbqH6ywCpT7zYucmpVLthDpYV44hqWF67ub3Ja+Xe2bjeddmfipWfPrmVtOpbEQ26xpqplmuPhPy9tLMItwqSDjEPILdQ/WWAdCdeL7ZN7rLyDHlHhVoVHUymU2rBI83aXllxRszahXN2X3CnqJit/vPEqmnO9Fqjquzj1vPhh9abfb4VKtX4ZWZCB00qKy9l/+bf9/31d0x6vqXDyCMnj/Vrr8Nfnl2YvnXxzE3H/yvicMw6OG87cmlsT/3I0yva/sTr4pdK+YH8K+gs+MPL+2NG/fg4ruiHpX9uXdh5QNupt1NCLFQritVt8rRRTjsKfz6vLOMNAGgsxDyA3EL1lw3SnXh1Xn4ybciwlg4H4zLu6CrwXkterHsL2821LlyWEdbWxN7l1xNR788QufGLho0cFXf2xoZ+n8dhUULQa4qttSattq0w6HReRBRnprR0nuQ573dVRWrss3tj7Dudj452asEkg/A31z6PO84NSzqiwSRS48PfZZeSy1tN2uyXmjbVq8vLG7OZZDTTeKUtiPKw6Dru94u3r7m0SQy+6dZ7dFTRJwNQKbawM831f53JdtCjfVZMkEeIeQC5heovG6Q78SIoVA1tfSpdRUNZkZ/Iq2kZ0Ci1pvTcs/+bbTzl0onVw3kPGxpcDvAwNxkXtzLEXKXm8ilBfvodeysIMu7PtkJSNesy2qzivq7bZPcj4Qv/fHr3DyeClecdzj14e665Fi9utHX021WshKarraWgqqfEFJyO5xyav3zoxgfLxvBGGdVzm/bv+ijbKVc+KQpD3Va3LDAy10FP66vfJJApiHkAuYXqLxOkPPFqPHbBmTuh8wMGCCKOrmXpYpgVmFhs3lapxrIZEVFqhqMaONLJZT++enTluu2PXsfyZ1i5teQQTlS6ap82xI9TVp/b9b/2ZkY1Rn3/BCv/ekDi6qOdBDOshozXoF//ZBkK1dJUOzrmI+Eoy1EIQoGYB5BbqP4STF4SLy6rMLOsbHx7lfGfzu+WVUwQNaOQxWJTaA28M96bpow+XXTrhpdtKz0mnRp26ffRxwu5vEfom7wDWm1a2dfaNIfN7jZi6ZXTW0zVa1kbl12Uy1HVU6k6oEpV1NCm1zi+SqHTqaVlnMa+ToBKiHkAuYXqL8nkJfGi0JQ06YongiLGd9CtPpvBZH6+sLaxUVFQGhlSdabunOIde9yP+sf2bFMRwSqsMsGDVEWt2RuOkLfCj8l7F4xzcFyRELqT+dm6yCKpUwsyCtiEDq1yrTlZLHaNLb1PyzNuodb4VwrAh5gHkFuo/pJMXhIvgq46aaD1zbtxU7saN7isYdfu6Vu8yrizFOoKQzJ1Z1E1VQTvHuv8qXsEMbXGUspaxkt37lxnuoSMNCadoCkqlhXlVwU3XXVET5MTf78ctNKBPyPyzt85LNYnq2AXhSYUDG0nywddQVgQ8wByC9VfgslN4kVQphw6tsWk6zTKkTVTB6oziYyUePf//Ccs/1n7swaAettemunbPhRxW9XVhwlNedIwq9/Wnnc6OkWBwvI/uXb30wjd8ljiFqeu+PX0qInDWxvrEcWZhxb9z8R5Av+wq0HnbjHTNwXFDLXRV1dQUmbQqLP3bvmt/cDtlrenuFgnPbv5429/E8QnpWFnx75ht+1mVEsbBaAhiHkAuYXqL7nkJ/EiGLo271Ijt//yc6dW0/LYNFvHgYuWrVFn1LIkVcVkWnfKfy8/LnDUrmNllEnH/0ue/YMibaqyXvtNB/7yv6A0fHf5A0xNe6O8/40bGBSeQGPqT1ux9dmvU/jHVdXaD7u4zmtgm5a5bDa/UxPVNm5RgedHjx6+PL5g9MJddx9dGdh2WvXNxD64Yj56oXZthQRoEGIeQG6h+kssqU+8mMZ9CvP6CCbpul3yi30Fk1aTt4VNrlqYoWGy6uDlVQcbXCtt7tYlfX+/NO/OHGptWyF40aax6sSdVScEM3rEjiz/n6ow7ucN5K2WtVLoo1buJW/V57WwHxoQl8G/zy1K/mR5btm+Xbd+v/SLKLsOBsmHmAeQW6j+MkDqEy8h0e461jnLNThthoN+ee4t6CiFy71xaR2X4FruOWcbEM2fU/FQtWWaMseCP0wVl1sQ9dBPd/Ku1jV/gQIgDDVjnqgKztKSgo+ZyQyGoraeacVDzRX2hUlVcxDzAGJSzy4vIy2OzS7j9uxpGJ/Jn1PxEHZ5XwuJVx2oCn963cnnlodI+S6hYj6FkvTHGPL/nlfvEkZWFY/yNTkcyVnhBBGdx+GPn8Aw7O57Y4Asd98LEqV6zBOfhP2zIR2eu7RVyy6c1NzfuWTUkzFPkN+85XMQ8wDiUfcu79r64aWKjDEBAdjlNRckXnWiKalp8O8JAoV/f/t3nyxX/dHmmGNROYOppinjVxiChKmKeeKTEDU+ePb5P5tUbap6Pmz2sOdDzAOIS127POaROaW5GdXn1HwmdnlfCIkXAAAAgIgg8QIAAAAQESReAAAAACKCxAsAAABARJB4AQAAAIgIEi8AAAAAEUHiBQAAACAiSLwAAAAARASJFwAAAICIIPECAAAAEBEkXgAAAAAigsQLAAAAQESQeAEAAACICBIvAAAAABFB4gUAAAAgIki8AAAAAEQEiRcAAACAiCDxAgAAABARJF4AAAAAIoLECwAAAEBEkHgBAAAAiAgSLwAAAAARQeLVWGxWKbfaZH5epo5eKzqdQRAUsZUJAAAApAoSr8Z64nfxZdBNweS9GzvJv3OWXKBS8R6CbCoqzPH3OkPeyUyPL/+b4HF7n5mlvaW1o7iLBgDC9SbU833CG/JOUUE2+dfX4y8tbWPngTPpDAVxF03qIWlorHa2LtUTL5KFdU9kXSDDlJTUo949ZrNZ/MnS0uJ3b3w7O3wr3lIBgAhoabXwundYMJn2Ibq4MBdZV7NA3tBY2jomVCqNw2EL5tjZDxFjeQCEjkLp0GVw9fYGWQW0dU3FWCIAEA2DFlY15tg7jhZLSWQPEq9Go1BsO7u9enZHMMPAqGZcAsiYGgd6ySpAoeCiRgDZR6XSW1t1j4kMFMwxt+gqxvLIEiReX6B9h/6CxKtNOyey9S/e8gAIW40DvTYdXcVbHgAQGTv7IYLES1VdV0lZQ7zlkRlIvL6Atm5LwU6oQ5fB4i4OgPBVO9BLo9HJPEzcBQIAETFo0UZwv2uPUWIsiYxB4vUFKOROqNOAV8/vkff1DS3EXRwAURAc6O1INjZwnhFAbpBtLXPLrrFRweR9c8tu4i6O7GjOxKu0jBX04hnBZTXjOiXNx3xeZ14q6sYBQU/EXRZh0dbUbGdtI+5SSBNuw4tIMU3tFvwDvRZtnWT4lSKjhK8gwzWCr72dG5l4qahqKylryOqLFX3db87EKzYh4cVzr8A3Wc24TknDpLG7tCDeJhR5ht0Qd1mExc3JVk9TUdcAh/Qa5fBffyoz2Q0vJ80odGWiNP/e/csUKkPcZREW+462NnZu4i4FSJP3qemPvM6VlHHEXRAh4rAKyb+lbOrZc7vEXRZhMdBV791ntLKKtsi22MynGuNSCtyfpjbvOiWNXl/qjeCi7IJicRdEWLrb24u7CNJET5M+b/sLcZdCuBwsWW2MqOeuvhV3QYTI41BbcRcBpAyrrDTobda5+wniLohwzRlIfRiQ9+79K3EXRFjWzBlin/9RihMveeAZxswuwHkJkCNvk2mlsnwFAQDU6WUcLToVP+FvTki8vlhiBlXcRQAQqbwiyqsEfFcAyKPAKAZHls+migG+TAGgYfjmBZBPqPvNDokXAAAAgIgg8QIAAAAQESReAAAAACKCxAsAAABARJB4AQAAAIgIEi8AAAAAEUHiBQAAACAi4ki8aGpdh49aNtahl5kqnVuc9PrFuVNXDj3OKKk+AidVqf2Ab5aMc3Rup61CIQrT4nw8PPee9n+RI8RB8RTbjg841eXShJVbo2v00k1v1X/wdxphx67H5NTXo4lirw1/Xm19rfuk+/HCLKZItgIAAADNT+SJF017xG+/HXZTj/C8veZkQhZT32nokJU77fvu2zDh74RCfu5F0xy8Ys3Jb/VSnj7c+0dkXAHd0LL9iBHT/2udY7MoJFfUJSZ4iZfrsKXGRRdvxOTUtxinMPX9O0Z+qXDHcBfNVqBZobHRtGKisQFSDNW/acWUveov4sSLajRoxh439RcH1o46l1hUHnb/3fH3/X3T8QXzFwat2RJRyltm4IxD3+qEHF47+nRcPj80H/gePXlzaB+iVLTFbSQKjalAlBazS1/sX99X6FsTzVag+aCx0VRobIDUQvVvKhms/qJNvBgG3020UUi9t/JyRdbFw86+u+9SYP/pUyZY7lv7Jp9uMGZSB8UPd5ddqMy6ynGLkm/dr3WlVO3Obr9O7+PaoYWeAlH0IeLKiTPrbiaWP1ep/+4D5zUvTbzTaum0HnZatJxI/42/nz4XXdnSoKo4jJ+2Y2rXNiql8YEPNlypdRxQXrp92UWBICYG+08kp9//vbbn3lQn3povT39gtmiSQwetrL0TV26OpFdLzMs3rXF+1NWWq+f2sdfhJj25uWDtzZdaPdevGfu9rQaRFrZ33aFdz/LKM/gvWlix5lbqe4FqjpOmbZ/UxUK5JC7g3rqrKpt32NXWvgHhQWOj6dDYACmF6t90Mlj9RZp4UdTMXM2IzBvBESWfzGdnhF2LIrba2Zox34Spmg0wJzKuB0eW1LGWmqgaJnrs114b/k1NK2SY2jsvX7VCKW3FgicFFclHu1FbM2/8PGtxGLvllHWLt29JD55w7W0Z+QDN9NsFV+ZbhF46Ock/W7fnkC2/meoR+Z+tvyR45/oFauv3Gd0evtTvA4cozf1YSjDK1zxma8HtZQtXhBYxaZnsWt5Mq2EHxr87uf/AIaX2CxaPPL1e1d/IuuDmxVkXlPtOGb9k8w9PRh97JMguv2jh6up+gWajF16abRJ87vjawFztrgM3rWltRBQ08m2F5oHGBhobILdQ/VH9ayPSxIuuoa9DEGlxOWU1HuAUxH8oJUwNdOgEXZ23THp8bs1l6sSKvXlmqWDqSVicwc7T37ddE/gsm/9RFL39deNdH95EzsH9AdMPO7i2+O9tPJtQMP1persy332T9wRncAgiOCpdf8fZ/p+vn1uSnZVaxCFK8pLfpydVnGMuT7zY0Rt+v3Evo+5z4LSMXUuOnv1APickWt/Oa4qL+oZlM25nkdOeyboDTjmNsmA+Cin5moWrq/MFtpo52arwwc6pB17xHgyOeK+z/co3jX1boVmgsYHGBsgtVH9U/1pJUncSX3sGl6rWetLc72a4WFlqMipmxRvr0Z9l83O3xNevcitWXZaVkk7YmaqTaT6brmPpqMcO2vG2InHi5AfeCi/ub/IFG45/GZRd77jtsUG+6fxMjfU+PJMgCm8+y+ZPl36ISyYGtdSgfeXC1dX5Ai166LKC7kdWJKDcopcPwgu+MfuCFwhNhsYGGhsgt1D9Uf1rJdLEi5WTRiYUrVtpMIi0Tw78UVVaGTKJnNRMFsHK5S+jXnOZutC0x25etbXNu/0H9rlHfswuplpPXnq0I5MhWIBVUhXQHA6XoDKoFN42ldRVicJX2VUbKc3JzCa+JPEqzi+qN+8iSgqLK7NJLpvcdGlu5TSXw2YTFDqN8pULV1fXC1RWVyGK0vOrisjKz8lr/KsDEUBjA40NkFuo/vJa/UWaeHFz49zjiNU9ulgqRIZWS2RpOu1HWBI57q/jSsuXiSWXsbdUiAptxKFXiob1D12p/r8d2eTO/ygUDRiMhp7EwynKzScUNJWoVcVQUlX+0lf0hcuLEqcwt4BQ0lOteoF0VQ01MRZILqGxgcYGyC1Uf1T/Won2VCMr9crZsKW/um0Z7Tfm7+Ri/kyqhtu8cT2oqfvOR+XzlzkTumTtoB0/BFb9xINMsJSMv+lLcb+XVPzpKnk/r6CwP+aV8RekqJiN6KJIFDWiLJlRj9OZw3q1UH4SXcibwbRwtFInag8rVimbYJAb+poXLS6szOgnGfTRAy01HofmcHnvoJ2rtQrR2OsIoFmgsSFKaGyAREH1FyUpqv4ivsaLk3Lv+EKHtYf/t/5+u9snHiV8ZOo7Dh0ypbPi00M7/owsrVjmwfG5ndecmL3ukb3XGe+o+AKavkX74cN72ITtsvks8eJkR7nHM/83rX+38HsvCZOxi38arUE0JvEiShKOn3w3aemM1c/+3OKXrdNz1K5RvFPttS1alvwmgxjoOME55k5KSWF68tu0pr4RolASf+x05MQlc4+nnD1QfqXhameyfhbX32KBZobGhgihsQGSBdVfhKSo+ov84np21vX1a5JfjVo61nXzAJXyU7gFdzasnnMntaobX3b2na2/uj4f9vO4nguWuZApeVFanNeNo8vPhNZy2LDs/cEVJ0zXj7t57zuiKN3vxrX510Yf69moosRf3ztOddqOtX9MV2Knvn60e7v3wt9sal0y8c7Zbd1/WrDxl7mVv639ulcvWuzYq3u+V5n+x+RZF6eUJQe7b9iWu3GjWXaxJDdaZA8aGyKExgZIFlR/EZKe6i+OXzWy84Kunh539TR5V6HVwEvnJvQf2tHkgXt09R91cIpe37s87d7lRqyOWxTns3CSz8KqOX6GFXeKPBdPM6y2aFnS3b497lbbSv6TM3udzlTNOHWn9m1w8iJ2/7xsd7U5NdZcrtj/19l1bTr30TajHtWng0b0mEx8zcL1beWzF5jnf+rPXqf4E3SrKRt082JDs2Rl2AVpgcaG6KCxARIG1V90pKb6i7k7iZJ4jxm/tPLc8eO5eYmD9obXOywUfDGGsePSb5TfhCQmFzBMu7r8MqtF9KnDLxrTNoLmhcYGgcYGyCtUfwLV/xNi78eLk+F3zK7HMXEXQ0ax2ZpdBm+frKtOJVjZSe5/7Vp1Mr644aeBEKGxIVRobIAkQ/UXKmmp/mJPvECIyj4ErpgVuELcxYBPobEhTGhsgERD9RcmKan+SLwAQHagsQEgt6Sl+iPxAgAAABARJF4AAAAAIoLECwAAAEBEkHgBAAAAiAgSLwAAAAARQeL1xWb04/06NTiG/jIO7x7IhRZaHENNThmbCE1AzAPIF7tWLBqVeP+R+iGb2vDS0Aj4Gv1iRlq8Pu9UFCRuFAIAIWlrzO5lXZZTSEHiBSBv3OzKFBjch68ZSLyaS3N+jaqpKnexaW3Yol0zrlMS5V4j//Tq2q6no4W4iyIU7cwNxF0EAAAA2dSciVcLA8NB/V3YZWUNLyrNLp/lJV5OXSzNLbqKuyzCoq1nJu4iSI0udj08D1uKuxTCFRf7Mi7qmYGumufh78RdFmFhMBniLgJIGZMWhpO+dZg6spe4CyJc/t7nyspKZo22X29a64jaUo/DKVNW1RLlFpv5xIG2jlnzrlBitWrdVc/QStylAPEzt5TZ/FtATdOQTLy0tAxtOg0Sd1kAJAWVSutoP0zcpRC64MAbZOJl1+1bAyPs8poHrtgAAAAAEBEkXgAAAAAigsQLAAAAQESQeAEAAACICBIvAAAAABFB4gUAAAAgIki8AAAAAEQEiRcAAACAiCDxAgAAABARJF4AAAAAIoLECwAAAEBEkHgBAAAAiAgSLwAAAAARQeIFAAAAICJIvAAAAABEBIkXAAAAgIgg8QIAAAAQESReAAAAACKCxAsAAABARJB4AQAAAIgIEq/G4nI55D/BZHFRPpfDplBpYiwSAEBz45bmZOaUEkwNHQ0mpd55uVk5JdxP5gFAw5B4NZavx4nXL+8LJm9d3Uz+nf3z3zQaQ3yFAhCi4qLcF09vkndS3oeTf7MykwN8zrcwadfKoou4iwbCk3N7uN4oH6LPlSyf0VoV83LvjtAb4U04X8/2Gq5ROe/eSL3hD7l9//3oPVJTXIUFoYkM989IjSPvFBfmkn+f+F3Q17fo1msMna4g5pJJPyRejWVj17964kUya90FWRfIMAVF1RdB//GO9ZYrKS54/vS6pXVP8ZYKAERASUmNrO+CyaS40KyMxJ59J4ixSDIDiVdj6ei1olCogp0QqZPDMDGWB0DYyIBv37FfWIhH9Tm6BmbiKxGIgOZI72oXVfBpDPf6fN63npya80B2GBm3rTHHvvtIsZRE9iDxaqzPd0KGLazFWB4AEbC1G1g95tvZOpMVQYzlAQDRoNGZpmZ2CXEhgjkWbXqIsTyyBInXF6i+EzK36obzjCDzdPQ/OdDbofMg8ZYHAESmU7dhgsRLWVlDRVVbvOWRGUi8vkD1nVAn+2/EXRwAoSMDvp2t85vQh/z7ZBUQd4kAQESMTNoJ7nfuPlyMJZExSLy+QPWdkKFxG3EXB0AUbDoN5Md8+479cJ4RQH7Q6cwWLdu/T3xD3re0dhR3cWQHEq8vY9vJjdwJWbTpTqXirQO5oGdgzr9jazdQvCUBABHr4jCcTLwUFVVV1XTEXRbZgezhy+gamJGNfruuOM8I8oIM+LY2fd+9eYTzjADyxrilDfm3Sw/8nrE5IfH6MuROyNqmj4GRlbgLAiA6tp3daAwmzjMCyBs6Q8HIpC1672teQk+8WCx2YVGRsLciSubt3PILZOoVNYaKshKNhvGR5JSeQWsaDY00AHnk4PidmrqeuEshU4T+ZfrvrWsZqVEFxWxhbwiEqk/Xtg6OIygU5F4NKywqvnT1pLJsjV/HJbgUQqZeUYM01NX69xvJYCqLuyAgTTz9AjLehzS8nPTg1f3Ax+Iuhai1s27X0a6vkFYu9MSLTmWdvhsf/6FQ2BsCoXLt05vD4eCgV2MUFhVmZmVtuhYj7oJAk0wd5dSpQ6yhsY24CwLSJCcr/vSttxGJ+eIuCDTJpR1t2ewyIfXWidMHAM2PxebmF7HEXQpoEjan4WUAPldUykb1l3ZUqhAvaUXiBQAAACAiSLwAAAAARASJFwAAAICIIPECAAAAEBEkXgAAAAAigsQLAAAAQESQeAEAAACICBIvAAAAABFB4gUAAAAgIki8AAAAAEREdhMvRYutV36bopu6Y/yqHTGC0RsUe23482rra90n3Y9nfz4p4eit+g/+TiPs2PWYHAxmAp9DzAPILVR/6SGziZdymz7f6JL/G3w30HDv4aTS2pfiFKa+f8fIL+WKtGxfi97KddhS46KLN2JyxF0UkECIeQC5heovRWQ18VLs+K29bobftnD7FYMc25y4/Lr2MCx9sX99XxEXDUAoEPMAcgvVX5rIaOKlbD6hj1qq+8MLforzd/cc0/ra6/Cy2pb79LgrVc1x0rTtk7pYKJfEBdxbd1Vl8w67SxNWbo1mEYRS/90Hzmtemnin1dJpPey0aDmR/ht/P30uuqS85VD+qMb5UVdbrp7bx16Hm/Tk5oK1N19q9Vy/Zuz3thpEWtjedYd2PcsrP7hLN3YatmF2/4GWavSyj8F3r6/40yeskN8AqWcrvKJedlEgiInB/hPJRd//vbbn3rgSUb2jIOkQ8wByC9Vfqshm4qVu6+ymnnvjXmJq3KNHRV1HDG25NTymuIEn0cxGL7w02yT43PG1gbnaXQduWtPaiCj4ZJF2o7Zm3vh51uIwdssp6xZv35IePOHaW0F4Ww07MP7dyf0HDim1X7B45On1qv5G1gU3L866oNx3yvglm394MvrYo3xCx2nq3R1OxV7Xfj4cnaNtM2fR1BvaJb2XB6Rw6t9KSfDO9QvU1u8zuj18qd8HDlGa+7GOg8kgjxDzAHIL1V+6yGLiRVG2H95JPfvplahSbnHkxWelg/r1tj0QE1x/GCq0mjnZqvDBzqkHXmWTuXhwxHud7Ve++XSZore/brzrw3s45+D+gOmHHVxb/PdWcI0iLWPXkqNnP5CTIdH6dl5TXNQ3LJtxO4uc9kzWHXDKaZQF89EbvakLnbRenOy5xjuJ97zXT1LVn+wZOcEsqOpyyDq2UpKdlVrEIUrykt+nJ0nBdZEgQoh5ALmF6i9tZDDxoqi2meiomO3lH1ZEThU+vRVe4tT1e+uLwSH1HaSk61j00GUF3Y/M5h8B5Ra9fBBe8I3ZJwslvn6VW3FRYllWSjphZ6pOI4jKiIgN8k3n32e9D88kN33zWTZ/uvRDXDIxqKUGjabTxq0l8eL4i+SKJ3Fzwp4+L3PsY6W8M6Zy1fVvBeAziHkAuYXqL3VkL/GiaHZx6adU7OWbTlNT0SAITkzwC07Hod+arw0JL6j7aVRldRWiKD2/6kerrPycvBoLsUqqTptzOFyCyqBSqh4tKSyu/KkIl00+WppbOc3lsNkEhU6j0FS01Aiiw7q9Kes+WfFbLQUy0FiN2QpATYh5ALmF6i99ZC7xoqj2GmmjSDAGb901uPr8Pn07q4T71R2GnMLcAkJJT5UqmENX1VBr7tJxCnPyCfaTPzYtf1H9KDCnOCOLVeeTAOqFmAeQW6j+UkjWEi+qZvuJ9oxcv7NzL6UILsRTtP722PzOP9oq+QXW2XsJKzP6SQZ99EBLjcehOeRSFCU7V2sVopl/QsHKeOeeTJvhoPXxenD6l/cIxyplEwymgow3BuDLIOYB5BaqvzSSscSLouvg0ouRc/70I4/QqgCihFPvT13qOtxK42lEnU8tiT92OnLikrnHU84eKP+Jx2pnBkEUN3N/uWVJx3c/+mHH/Jubb+6/F5FYqmhgbOrkqP/4j6MXUxo8pV2W/CaDGOg4wTnmTkpJYXry2zQp6QYPhAgxDyC3UP2lkmwlXlQN5xHW9FT38xGfpO3cvMgzvgXfOjt3V4us+8grO/bqnu9Vpv8xedbFKWXJwe4btuVu3GiWXdy8HzQ30++k24L3v84asGHrt0oEKycl0d/L81WjBkRgJ945u637Tws2/jJXtjo1ga+HmAeQW6j+0km2Ei9O9uU5Uy/X8kCx37q5hvyL+36dbVhtvn/1SU6e/6k/e53iT9CtpmzQzYsNzeJn5UWei6dVeyKZx9/t2+Nu5VTNR3MfbTPqUX06aESPyZUT7NSgO/PJWy3lrH8rZAEjdv+8bHctTwR5hZgHkFuo/tJJthKvpmEYOy79RvlNSGJyAcO0q8svs1pEnzr8okjcxQIQGsQ8gNxC9RcXJF7VsNmaXQZvn6yrTiVY2Unuf+1adTK+oc5/AaQZYh5AbqH6iwkSryplHwJXzApcIe5iAIgMYh5AbqH6iwsSLwAAAAARQeIFAAAAICJIvAAAAABEBIkXAAAAgIgg8QIAAAAQESReAAAAACKCxAsAAABARISeeDHpdANdLS5VRdgbAqGiUqniLgIAAIDUE3riNdB1iJkRU9hbEaXkhHCC4Kpr6aup6Yi7LKKjqMCi0RjiLoV0UFdV7dPVyqVXT3EXpNlwOWwOh00QFBpdjmJAgUGh0xXEXQqQMrZtrbcsVKPQFMVdkGbDZpWR3wFUKo1CpYm7LKJDJ/IpFIrQVi5kTKaybedvhb0VUfLxOEv+HfPjZgMjK3GXBSQRk8ns0Wt0eaYiIyLePvK6d0xXv9XoCZvEXRaRQuIFX6pNm84sVntxl6I5nT06v7Ag2+3bxWYW9uIui+hQKVQqVVgJEq7xAmh+ZI0VXqUVPVU1XfIvg6GARASgQTJWTag03leZmrqejL0uMZKdfUMz8lw+7sXgA0tddD2Wjw0ZcnCJs279y/uuHv+oz+7VbgaiKR6AMCDsAeQT6r6IyX7iVZIZt3XV0l1/Xc9lc81sey3beGTu8Hb1PoPtEZA0bIkmea/TnC3dTSou5Ko7ItkefjF952oLoewAX6l5w35Mq9qWR9gDSB7s8iSfjCdepakhNrZT9nve+nj4CpXCLcpJj0lr6OrgsryARLWl2rx3RtfconIu28M/efhSzVqWZxX4xTJn68j4OwlSpNnDnlKYVHN5hD2A5MEuTyrI+Hv3ZN8mixmHBnU0Lp+iKGno22jw7nHy4zp2XLT/5MSdy3+7/fTdtwuPXto1TaG8wwRWbnyWkYMGg+DkvLPrffBZyB4mt2hO3y6HH4f/3ctGXUFjzuRPmv/s3IRYqt67x5enLV1z/0XyzC2XD6z4hk5hze3UddzdoL5GFUHvv33WP3o//znFWqSvH+RSs4d9fwfTrp00udU2gbAHkEBC2eX91LH6JlD3m07GEy+NFgb+a3/xGHvcydZckVHVE1XR+9dv4h6GFGz9LzCMwi76xcV+y51Bv3/Tgnwo+22Qnn1f8n3Jjn6uYe/KoPCid9/1iwEjbgY/WkPOP7D9u+qbyIl8Fp/gFU3Zfvd5JNl0mNez6yEnxwVO2iNcLTyD0/sO462TlfXmf+cIn+cIQRCFZg/793Evb/6zqfpPqxH2ABJIGLu800fm5JdWbQJ1v+lkPPGym7sn0ObmH2t+HHDnibb1wAuXzw3sqEfOT/b37TP77/8Nacvbl9CUZs77bp5/IlEehVHe/r3dhpB3Yr18HQet5O9ssl4HGDr0qfXNivb2Gbjsn+kurXlLMtQWLxi1yjeBjEK7of03XggheFHIOTx70aJT/6jKUR8oIE4IewD5hLovFWQ88SIIqk3f4afJG5cTdnNXJ3vX2NyXJkpEkO/ruSvWCVrwH5M+mFnyLxXkePlG9ZpCRirH1ye8714j/gLvPPz6uI2sbf0c30dR8/c5CVaVm5Zl1lqLvKNr1zttwbFS7uCiV9fPs0b5ddYQ5ssEqA5hDyCfUPelgMwnXpUo1HbOww0YJ0s5BMEtu+8XN2NL5SWHnKI9p18ueGjOu88u8o1iTNGjkzM9wrijDfjLsN0fxbrOq62fek6xe/AHJ1W6YFV7z71Z5mNC3qVptG5d+DIiLWbX1N2HHngh9QcxQNgDyCfUfQkmy4lXtLd7iUUXa2NtGpVSkpu6beqP5j/+aqZC4RZlBiXHUS8+7b3IkWCXXN84m/XDDntd3lvByU9KVu+ow6Rw8pLilTvoKZan9VxOZFLeEIL7+SY4+ckhWXHHLgQ6/I9cVfGVtTOZ03baapaHHE1piF3ZMNd+Pcdf6KQry+8zSBSEPYB8Qt2XFrL87nCpBRumD73hGVTE4Zh26PfbpkPe33ShEkRJRoTG4G1TDP3NtN0K1CxXbDl4ZnxP/oHTvJgX6p36MShEbsxzdXtXJn8uhbFh//zeZqoZhJFfQlT1TRTEvzIddXCm+cvWWgPzNdr8su3okXFdKx+k9hvcffmyN3uXyM6YfSD5hBH2p+6fqL4JhD2ABMIuT1rIcuJl2WfEhQcjPp+fGhzQ2W2U8/dt4r9fVuMhjc7f+50qv9Op4k7FqgbNTCmeyb8fXG15tQ6jAy/y7sR+nPvZdrgxkR9+/+e0rkwNEQ6SThhhnxD38ubTqvkIewAJJKRdXni15VH3m4UsJ151CfV62n36fGFv5ePb+5tfd/H5w0jYGwJoDIQ9gHxC3Zc0cph4sTyDsiavUxLeBjgFCV1MO7A7TXS/uZdBaXh5AOFD2APIJ9R9iSOHiRd9V4C3UDdAVTF9mZkj1E0AfCGEPYB8Qt2XOHKYeAEAAACIBxIvAAAAABERf+LluXxssNuBFf31xF0QWeOxfGzIkINLnHXFXRCoCTEvJIh5kHxSV/1ZpcXiLkKjSFH1F13ilf4ucNO6tccvuRdwuHYu32/aumWoQyteD7n+8YMWaYmsGOLGOTphtMWWi/1NFZp91TXCrtOcLd1Naut6GEQFMV8OMQ/ySGaqf3FxfhOejepfC9EkXtyHu+eP/yvz7s1zu87rUincj0nhBw88GOjwE6MsLyBecaGOvIwuUJzw+B9ixH0hhCBZnz38k4cv1RRM65pbCGEr0EiI+QqIeZA/qP4VUP1rJYrE673noe/25UW/u6hZMVQURcuk3eot7ch7rNz4eEaL5NAHixYvvuwXPmLxmcs7f2RQCE7Ou/b2q7bvGnpy35kMZj/PW7/xutZNeLlk9pyTd5/oWLteuvGPszXvHS9f8pc/dg779+/rvt7Phq85t3VmlxuHdp/57+bzBO27/rfsDCp6c6v16QSn9Pr+dT+v3x+bmWtg0esfT/ferZTq3xB/bXvO31+7wKDWDRW8f7NywdxD//ooGdmf/Pe/MT1aVL4TnKNL/vh9zxXqZ29RcUbs5pWLd528WURVn7Lm1LG1w6l1FJid/baD46bdO4f8+/c1P2+/tmO3X9zxI4NbNKdvl8OPw//uZaOuoLHtX+9BBomdeh98FrKH3xNxxlvfyT9MvheWNX753lkdYra+cLu1zVEoHzaUk7GYf+x5vWVLZlxyWklJLmIeoH4yVv35a8MurxkJP/FiF86fumXPzTeVIfiJ7LdPExO8gjPW/O375kJZ9gTbrh6Lxg42ZeZGP4+I8ck32Pev+7SKJUNv9Zx49a6XzzEtZknG227tB9+Ke2yqTCGXjIp7pWF76tSlqdyStM46rUeEbrtycO3YRWvjb277bumdwLMjKHU/3W/rvMem86MzNpHLcMqKy6gKDW4oMeIOWZ4k92MjIiifbyg/6qGty9YbT27tu6palhM/pNOwdi+DbDR4gVcY431b5Yf5LWp261sY79+pz+/nfS6vO65FVsCPGQXUel5vZHBERKBimwNHzo4nuKVLe/bwSCTfMaV91y8GjLgZ/GgN/xPNfv5cw96V36VKXvh9l0nX7z16Z6zGzAl/0LrDjGV35wnt8wYZjPnZHTvdvrK5LCdlxIKziHmA+shc9ccur9kJPfEqS3/lmdXmpI1arY9GeT8a9uvV2YNseBNM9c6tW9CpvHcu1str6OprP3SvTJw5RfPGrTvj/dhMixfLCrrWEzpxnn0oNW2tQC45fse/fS3UyfkUuoq+uuWO7bNVyl+WegsTGoVS79OZb168zVH/WMYhmFSCylBU4BRNa2hDr8tLpMLUWlHLhkoWjpi/2yPIzliFnGJotFo2yiIgusCmC/ny2fsX79pw7FrN3J9bsnj4/D0PH3cz43dwR9XSVavn9UZ7+YzfcbWvhQZvWQpNQ0WR/45lvQ4wdOgj+DhjvXwdB62klK9/+Y+/H7vla6zGW5WGdd+e2iaOttpN+EihAbIX8wlxvHVSKfTaNoSYB6gie9Ufu7xmJ/TEqzg9idminVLtZ7Q5Xj4RUw/bV0yxi3wiKON1yCJxfH3ezdjdTbAcK/PtU3ofOz1BC4LzIZvSR5VWvmTE2D3WFXML3qdoO1qqV2ws6fGTLi4LKfU9nTL91LXSzb+aKA1uO2zWvj83tVMIb8yGSLmK5rVsKOvtxbfvvEf12KjIy/G5XHbWh/xjC3mntwsiPHyMpi3Tr9kIYmW+cS/uube10qcz63y9Pr4R3+2rLAa76FEUfSrvHSPeefj1cRspWN7XJ7zvXt7QDWSR3Iu67TGoXBW7tETZqp22+H/NKsNkNeZZVAXEPED9ZLX6Y5fXjIReGgW9lqwP4QVsgvn5pthFvpHMH1tUXHbHyU9MUO2kr0ghk1+PMOJgi6rL8Vj5WVR1fVrlWASsrAjPfJtNunSCU0guOdqw4khmXuwL1U4DKsZXJziPvMP6bTWu7+kEQVPRm7/p8PxNh2K9j/fqv9zvX+fGbIj3RCPrzzdUlptuNejQ89szPzulzdq9eO/G0zc+H02hLDeDrtuK9ukDdRaYXfDwDWVcZTHYuQnJ6uXvGMF2fxTrOq/yBx2cYo8w7ujyyCvLSaNqGQtWlRfpHaXRWRODmAqTDMY8l0v+oTCUEfMA9ZPB6l8Ou7xmJPTEi2nQZZFD2oQVZy5tnqCmQONyWClRIT7haj9824aTn5So2qH8TeTJiQzW7MaLIU5eUpySrWA+ScHIVvndirD0xR31mGW572cPmrjyrIcyleDkJsUrd9CrXDLe+1GPQT9XxkaJe0jZrhaK9Tw9PyWJo2Worki+Cdzc9LS2zq4tzOyV321tcEMko7bmn29I0bAdO3BFYPwPPVvxjjOzSwvzypiaKvTcsDtPLees1q3l3SafQn216GnCPEdTVYLLycnK19BRr/P15iQlqnTUq/aOaTsM5FUGLicyKW8Iwa0oUX5VaRX0rVghy/irKk6PGNFviv6w87VdewDNRhZjnk3+YygrIeYB6ieL1Z8Hu7xmJPzjbxTG2vtP/92/sZOhekx2oYqu+eiJs35dtZh8JC/mhWbXgZVJNBHt6es05Nfy+c81qs3nrUPR0NNn54ieJo+iszr2G3/kgmcPC03+kur2rtXS8Nd9d1QMjc4pSIlVaG+kTKnn6XEBN8b//HtofAZDxXjub7tvHxypSCMasSEecyvDWjakbOLjv3fad/Y3giKV1HSdhvx46MgOTW7ZH4uPbrlcS+7Pf4pfwP7xQ9u5v05S1bNcs+/GinHt63y9sS+qFyP6IfmOreW/yRv2z+9tpppBGPklRLZ9X1Vaqqr5/Sv/czZRy9e1WLB6/fcjeiQN7tC0TxQaInMxz2UXkn+ZSoq1bAgxD1CdzFV/PuzympFITnzSFEct3EjeaszW6Py936mqya4rjnblz+/0yXw+7fbOvlFpNdfwyZLUede8qibUWr8MO1L/021HzXs1quaPHRqxIZ6Rti1q35C10/WnEdWXzHl57U2nhe016+y4RdfG5UFo4lcUo9vK44KLAiwHzUwpnlkxof/JYlZu05NLpvPucYp/6rrnf1sM6yoJNBvZinkKnXclr7GGUu0bQswDVCdb1Z8Pu7xmJFlXnMmkQmabvzZ0qDX3r0CpfJDLFeIcTum/62cee+FHaNE/WQaguSHmAeQWqn+DkHgJnVH7jvU9TAaKMIMvL8LLsc+I0PI5owiCxeHS66sQAM1AQmO++nYBQDgktPpLEiRe4lZ9T/D5XqHJc9TauIR+yBFM4vMG8RNXzCPrAhA77PIktVQAAAAAMgiJFwAAAICIIPECAAAAEBEkXl+Gw2GJuwgAAAAgrZB4NRaZcoWFePg9PKWtY5KVmfTq+Z2+A2YymUoNPxNAinHjop/Hx7wg7+XlZRG8rqIl7zdCACAEpSWFT/0v8+9npMUZGFmJtzwyA4lXw1is0tcv7wf4nOdweAOnkFkX+TfijR95a9fBxaHXOFU1nYbWASBtuFwy33r44FBhfjaVyhuKLT834+SBn/oMmNHashuFWmfviAAg7UpLCoICrr4Muknep9OZ5E7Q+8HR+Jjnjs6TNLWMxF06qYfEqz4sVsnLoFtkys/lcshJRUVV41a20e+eqKrrkrGYnfX+bagXeTM1s+vdf6qmtrG4ywvQDLhcblxU0MN7h4qL88lJKpXGb3JQKNTCwpx7N3bSaHRH54k2HV1pdAkbexYAmqa4OO+p36XQF/f5k+Rej/weoNMZLFZZbFQwedPVa+XsNtvAyFK85ZRqSLxqxyoreRH0n+Aoq5KyuovbbHOLrpHvHpOJl5qa9qjxmzLT433cj6ckhyfEhZz/a5GuvrnzwJkIR5BeZMoVExnodf9wSXEBUZ5ykQmWtU2fv/ZNIye/n7KDjHZ/r9NlZSWPPE+St649R3fuNoypoCLuggNAUxUX5T159HdYiAd/Ulu3Zf/B8z5mJnnc2a9rYD5g6MLH3meiIwIz0uOvnPtFVV3XxW2WaSu7qs5LodGQeNVUVlb8IvBGUMAV/qSysobLoDlmrbvww4tGrXrHdPRajRq/ITcnrSIc02IRjiCluFwOGcNkylVawhsPm0y5nFwmt7cbQKPR+Yd7CV7zQ8PGbkD7jv1jI4N83I8VFuYEB1wlb+06uHR3+kFFVUusrwAAvlJRUe4Tn/NvQh/yJ3X0TPsPmqdn2Jq8n5P9gSi/rlNdQ3/Q8KVFhbnBAf+8en4vPzfj5j+bFBRV+rjOsLTuScW1B18CiVeVstLi50+vkzsS/qSyqmY/tzmtWneufjUxnalA/i0syBXMEYRj0OPLoS/uIxxBupB5VdS7AG8y5SotJspTrt79ppLZFZUm+HKoiH82u5QoP+HYuk331m0ckhPfeD84kp2VUnHCvXVn8om4/gNAihQV5jz2ORf+2ps/qavXqv/geboG5oIFFBSUyb8FBdn8SSVl9d79p/foPeHV8zuBfpdKigvcb+15ePdAz74/kq0yOq49aBwkXjxlpUXPnvz7LPA6f5JMucjgMzWzq+sHXOzPOpUgw5HMtHr2mRDy7M5T/8uCcHR0nti+oyvCESQQmXJFhj/2eXCEn3LRaPTe/aa16+hCpX7ytUCpPHbL/WSkDopxS5sJ0/dmpMV6PziWmhKZEPPifMwLPQNz54Gz9A0tRPcyAODLFRZkP/Y+++6NL3+SrLn9Bs3V1TeruVx59edwONXnMZiK9j1Gder2bXiYt//DU2VlJX4PT5E3++4jOjuMUFDEtQcNkPfEq7S0MPjxlRflv90gqahq9x8yr2WrDl/3m3kGU4l31YvDcEE48i+Fse8xkpypgEthQDKQKVfEm0e+Hsf5KRfZMHDqP7WdrctXHKDV1Tcf8+PmnOwP/l6nY6OC01Nj/zm7Ul1dz3nQ7K+uRwAgPIUFH/29zkS89eNPks2kfoPm6Oi1+tL1kE01m46u7Tv0i4sK9n5wtLAw51ngdfLW1qZvjz7jyZ1pcxdcdshv4sXvoSTk2W3+pKoamXLNNzHtUP+zahwMqFUt4fjkGnlra+vco/cPCEcQIy6H/a485SJbBUR5ytXHdbq1Td8mnhPX0DQcMnIF2YZ++vhy2Ev33Nz0/y5vIBu+fQf8ZNmmB/qeAJAEBfkf/bxORYU/5k8aGFmSKZe2rmlT1kmhUM2tHMytur1PfOvFu/bgfXiYD3nDj/3rIY+JV0lJwVO/y6+e3+FPqqrrug6ZZ9zStjHPZTB413ixWaUNLvlpOB7OzkoJf+1N3srDcZqmdoumvASAL8UhU64wH1+Pv1jl0UtGch/XGdbtezc+K2KV52r1UFbRdB4w07HvxJDgW0GPr5QUFzy4+acnjd7LeVL7jv3R9wSAuBTkZz3yPBEdEcifNDJu4+w2R1vHpMEn8jsJL8z/2NCClBYt20+YviczPc7H/S/82L9+8pV4lRTnB/pdFPRQoq6p33/QPDJcvnQ9RYW5DS9UgR+OezPS4nw9jqUkR5SH40JcCgMiQ6Zcb197+Xme5KdcTKYimXK1IVMuCvWL1sNteBGifP1K3Ry/69J9xNtQL3+v0+RGfT1PkDf0PQEgevl5mY88T8ZEVqZcJm1dBs7SakTKxcf/luD35NcYOnpm5T/2T/XzOh0bGYQf+9dKbIkXtyS1u/Uc79h/lUXyQfB6KPG7EPbSnT+poWnYf/BcI5N2oth2OV19Mhw3CcIRl8KACHA4rLevvB49PMFm834OQqZcfQfOsmrr+KUp11eg0Ri2nQba2LmS3/g+7sfLf4WOvicARCcvN/2R54nYqGD+ZIuW7cmUSzQnW9Q1DIaMWF5UmPPU/5/XL/Fj/5pk/4hXcVFugO+FN68qOoXT1DbqN2iekbH1162NSmlSxNQIR1wKI1dE2dggMy0y5v0enuI3VcmUy9ltNvmVJ4KUqzpycxZtelq06ZGUEOZ9/0hO9gf0PQHySZTVPzcnzcfjeEL5EKskY1MbMuXSEHl1U1LW6DtghmPfCSHPbpO7PPQ9ISDOxItVlHzx5Mbf52/8qNXhr3/+HevYkpyZE/N01tSZV3xDKIrGvx25umZSd16UlmYM6bd8whTLv07+G5VE7Lh0wTLNa+nmA+HvFU89cB/YVr3W9ZON7ADfc+S3PH+SzPT7D55n2KJNU8pMYzRDrAjC8WWNS2FcJrfv0A+XwkBTsNllYSHu/l5nKlIuBWUXt9kWbbo3PeUqK/8J5FehmJja/vjTvozUWG/3o6kpUeh7AkAYcnNSfR4cS4gL4U+amHVwHjBTQ9Pwq1fIv6y5Kcp/7D+G92P/195kU5DFKkXfE+JMvErzXz8t2hlbuIadE/9Nx0HGT146amcPcf752IunF3WYnMLUwW37Pxsa0lWHdxzo/ct/0lu/e+i/qjjJX9fMbs+juIdPZpYkB3Qbte1Z4CbGp2vmdQrnfTY8zIc/qa1j3G/wPEkbWZ1ReSlMeKi3nxcvHH09/qroe6Lbt8zybuu+gojP4cIXEWpjg0y5Ql/cE4zmTn6jkSlXa6vulCZfV8FkKpZ3PNHIq7zqpGtgPubHLTkfP5ABHxf9DCfcQa4ItfrnZH8gWzVJcaH8SVMzu74Df1LXMGhqoZvpGDmNxuCPexET+dTH/VhRYa489z0hzsRL1WDAtllOZFZF02i1f/23v59722tZR58YHzqdRnC5xaWsltrcjEIOUZ54KWp0n9ibd3JaQc/KpoXLdw765H2mroVGdiyLSzAqv7FrdArHH21KkpvUvHDsNKC9XVU48i+Fad+hX/fe3yur4FIYmSKkxgabVfqqPOUSjObOG1rUyqHpKRcfU1G19OsPd9WkoWU4dNTKwoKPgX6X37zy4J9wJ8tM7icsyDTxq064o70Bkk9I1T/nY4rXgyPJCWH8SdPWnfu6zlDX0BfHS2xA+bUHPSzadE9ODPO6x7v2oFrfE1/5Y39prPviTLy0TNorVX7H6lhZvX+SwSU4YXdPTJ636j21xbDh/V6nZI2q7CybpqDBX5j85Oh0RTq14j6lcoEancJVH22qGVGFc4nM5+H4JvQheTNr3cWp35QvPTcv7HO48NWavbHBIlOuZ3eePLogSLn6DZpjZtmtuVIu4SEbFS5us3o5T3wZdDP4yb/Fxfn3/9tNpzN5gz3ghDvIomav/tlZ78mU633iG/76yf1FH9cZahp6YnuFjUUxbll+7YFg3As5+7G/OBOv/IxkMoCY5QGUm5ho3q5bTvjtEb+9CYlOU+eFFXt1sM8n5zbq2JXEZaYlBJwXdAr3+WhTzYhGZzS80NerDEfepTC8cIyLeU7eyEB0HjhTz6CxSaTwzuFCEzVjY4NMuUKCbwX6XeKnXErK6v3c5phZ2AvvB9ulpUXNvk6mgrKD0zj7HiN5fU94n2nKCXe0N0DCNVf153CJj1lJZMqVkhTOX9jcsmvv/tPU1Js/5RJcAk9uttl/mlPnuBdus1q26tj4rzKpq/viTLw+xv93ITB9ek89bmnO+h1ei+6t4sa9IpS0FOi89ycl+PqeJ6+6suq7rOTj+5C490F7D82zVeRN1jnalFBwhXdJSvmlMFXhmPYh+vKZFRqahs5uM01MbRvcrjDO4UKzaJbGRnFp3mXPCwUvr/NTLmVlDTLsW1l0FvY1UvzNCQONzrTt7GZj5xodGejz4Fhxcf5XnHBHewMkXNOrP5fDzs5P2XHiF92PUfw5ra269+4/VVVNR0hlFsGx86pxL/wvhYWUX3vwz0b+j/0t2vRoTN8TUlf3xZl4aZv3yvHe6romKDtfY9uZf+10GIT22HV9Z2jSFQzadP554/ZzK8e+fJM5snUt532j0z8kPT4X6XeypCyfaMJoU1+Ny+UKOyJrhCOZh924tJ4/Gnf9P1Jr3nO40Iya2NgoKysO/G9LfErwkwAlsrHBG8190FxT807CTrlUVLTyczOEugmCdxUvzdLa0dK6Z1J8KNmaz81O+6IT7mhvgIRrSvXncImszIR7J2emZoZ/SNHTVSTIvUDv/tNk5rJ03rgXA2c58q49uEU2uvg/9qfR6LxrDzq61t/3hNTVfbElXhQFA9/Xt8g7P/9SfS5j0pbT5K1icnTvEfw7TF3/mKv8u3nF3NU7HXxPLyDv0wzaH/irGUab+oJii7YbJOKzcCwqzL3/3y4yCns5T2rXwaXWS2Ga6xwuNLuvbmwUl+ZdcD9XHHKDncq7noNMub4dOb+lWUfRfHhUqihDhGLSquPEnw6kf4jxdj+a9iG66oT7gJn1XLWJ9gZIuK+r/lwOKzs/ZduxZYa5cezURHKOZZvuU4ZOl8leiJlMZYdeYyuuPSgf9+KR58mKaw8chivUMe6F1NV9sXagKjhiJHjB9c7Jy0n39Tg+dMyqIeUz/j2/qpGjTTUjGk08ZyEqwpE/DEv5pTA+Hsf5w7B06vYN+Wj1hZt+DheE4esaG2WlRc8CH0xbqEFmXeSkhqXTs4h5JuLofKG0pFCUmyNzrO8mbs35mOL78GRCzAveCfezK9Q19V0Gzqr15aO9AZLs66p/Rlrsw3uH5i4zJnLjyMl2zjNj100S5a/dBYeaOBw2jSai4w6CcS+iIwLJnT6v74kn18hbW1vnHr1/+Pwgn9TVffElXmRG1bh8iyjvh1edQlEjiKEEceCPMfzRpkbptiSIzZ88S9ZVXArTaYAgHIMe/0PeyAB16DVOWUWTv1hTzuGCcH1JY6O0pCD48ZUXQTfnLb/So3xOUnxo+UV+n1YfUeGKo6JpaBkNG72qIP9joN8FstWRm512o46+J9DeAEn3JdU//UO0590DmekJZPXnzynM/yj4khchsSUpFArV0rqnpXWPpITX3veP8vqeeO1N3j7ve0Lq6r74Eq/qX+Kff6FXziHfa1/347x+eP8YQ5SPNjVBMNqUWPMtDocjsvS/hs/DMSzEg7yZW3bt5TJZQ9Pw687h1rjvG3FBJK9GnjS6sVFaUvjU/7KTgoojQZC3s4fn9Bsyz7iljcnnzxIJWpN7r24iFVWtfoPmOrlMJtPQ4ICrtfY9gfYGSLRGV/+08pTrB0OL78tneN7Z79j3RyVlDWUxVX9xo5iYdvjxp33pqTE+vB/7R33e94TU1X3JHasx5+MH7wdHyNyCPymC0aYa0w8bpepiF7GHfs1wjI0KJm8GRlZjJm6pWKTRxxTrnCNfNVzIGtHYKCkpeOp58tXzO+T9kD/GqGvq9x88f6JgNHchfByNCXsF5leOo9C8mAoq3Z2+79pj1JtXnp/3PYH2Bki0RlR/8mv84YlFWZnJRPm5HbJR0aPvhP5K6nU+q4klkqquR/UMWtc+7oXbLN/Qm+TeSorqviQmXtkfU7zuHxZ0Ctf00aaaEY0qce9YZTim+D08FRfznMy6yBpLvl0ug2YZf3W+VWMOCF9JcX6g38XQF/f5k+Qn2H/IPCPjtuItVXUlxQXiLgIPjc7s0GWwbaeBURFPyCYHWSp+3xOCMzKIdpA6H95HeN49kJ31nj9pY+fao/d4RSU18ZaKqNZ1JYfNEtclztVVjXvx6OKb0If8vieare6L6liDZKUR2VnJD+8fFnQK12yjTTVag/2wrdlzSJe/ZG7UsGHbxd4Pm4CGltHQ0b+Q4ejVoR8R+jAn+8P1i+uU9k/rO+Cn1lYOVe2Zus/q1jcHhKm4KO+J34Wwl+78SU1to/LR3K1FVoAGw37rxlG8nvLIwJCM7geJ8r4nrNr2srJ2TIx/5X3/yMTZhw6UX41g1rrLULQ3QHqkJL97eI9MuVL4k7ad3Lr3HqeoKKKUq/G7vLKc8OEj90lC3Sf4414MmtOLd+3Bf917/8Cv+zQafbaU1H1JSbw+ZiZ53T+SklyZcolptKkG+2Eb33do77G8PvG5XLYk9MNWQ/VwfPbkWlFh7r0bO+l0ppPLlLYdnCWhvQLVFRflBvheePPKgz+pqd3Cdch80Y/m3mDYb/19hqKeIn9hyQp7CqWlmd3EWQfThi/Re3AkPTU2LuY5+S1c0feEYDG0N0DypCS99bx7kGwk8yc7dHbr7vSDgmLtPSYISeN3eYSk1f3ycS+6O33PLhvVJ/ThY++zLFYpPwPjXXtQUlDR94RE1n3xJ15ZmUne9w+lJEfwJ8U72lSD/bDpqVZ8Qhx2mST0w1YrfjjyLoUJfcjvCsXb/aiPx/FujmM6df2GwVQSW8mgEpkTB/ieexvqxZ/U1jHuN5hMuSzFUpgGw57KZgsWlsywJzOtsZP+yM56/8jzREJcCL/vicYP9gAgSu8T33jeO5Cbncaf7NhliIPT2Lo6qRKqhnd56lVJiWTWfd61B50H2doNEIx7we97ol0HFzKRlczezsSZeGVlJDy8dyg1pWLoA+GNNtV4DfbDlpj6UXDRjST0w1YPQTgKLoV56n+ZvNl2cnPo9Z2Ssoa4CyinigpzyMZZeJgPf1Jbt2X/wfPEOy5sg2FvzGWpEURxcR4h2WGvqd1i2HdrCvKznvj+Tb7DjR/sAUA0khNfe9w5IBgHws5+qEOvsV80JmnzaniX9yGbv8tjlZVIct0XjHuRGB/qfe9wbm462awlb6atO/fuN1VTmD/L+wriSbwy0+PJlItslfInhT3aVOM12A/bbwP9P3mCxDekKy6FaesoCMfXL++TN3Orbk4uk0V5/RwUFmT7e5+JePOIP6mjZ0qmXI0f+1x4Ggz7Xcu+Jar34yXZYa+iqt1/yHynflNfPL3+LPB6YwZ7ABC2pIRQzzv78/Oy+JOduw3r6jiGKe7fC3/JLq+8+kt23SfL17JVR961Bx+ivcuvPUiIeXE+5kX1vickgagTr4y0uIf3DpJvB39S0kabarAftgth0YsGiG5EyOZTMxxjI4PIm5Fxmz6uP4lqWHH5VZD/0c/rVFT4Y/6krr55/8FzyL/iLZVAg2H/vrDQnJCIHiUaT0FRpUefCV0dvwsLcQ/wOVc12EOPUZ26DRPjMQaQM9zEuFeedw8W5FekXPbdR9j3GCUhl3zI6i6v4tqDjymPyse9qOp7YtDsluIY9qMG0SVeGamxnncPZKTH8yct2zo6uUyRtPOvDfbDtmWKayrBIZckv8fFXdivURWOHn8lxIWkJEdcOr1MU9uIbA0Yt2wv9nCUPeS37SPPE9ERgfzJ8tHcZ+vomYm1UDU1GPZtDbVLeMP0iv+Ewpei05l29kM7dB4U9S7A1+N4SXFBUMAV8ta+o2t3p7GiHHoF5A83Ifal572DhfnZ/OmuPUd3cRjBYCqKt1jVNVj3N0/unyb+Tiu/kmaNcS9y0/+7vIFskvUd8JNlm/+zdx7gTVVtHL+ZTdOR7kmhrA5oaQtlFWTIkiVLhmxFRflEBVEUJ4J8Kgr4KQqyREBBtmwQaFktHdAJLXTSRXfTkT2+k9w2pDttb3KTm/f38JSbm+Tc9+Scc+//PeM9Q7T3vTAwhhBeJU8zr15UbX2Av/TxHz5stEF3m9IRXfbSUs4c9sv3c9EBi+dvDHHYOoaqOuJTYW7+lZocXlleeOrwl1wub9T4N7x7hcJUGEKoqS67eXVf5uM6yeXq3mv0hLccnQ20m7vu6FLtY9yfRt/+WyKqNpLwg+2FTmeg246P3zDkbFy/9GtNdfmDxH/RP++eA5D7x7M3ihiBAIVQ5mTcv4Ykl4CPvx449KWQwdNYLCOSXFg7H3k0616m2Pax+n0vVIv9o0/HRZ1E3tflM9uuMpjDRi3u028MKXMP9Cu88K0Pyktz8Ze+fUaEjVpExm5TOqNzhI/iUL9uDwpa+5bRdw+opsJM/M/w55fi1RHdI86f2sxiWQx7fqlf31EMBvkrXk2U6qqSm1f3ZqXH4i9d3Xs//8JbDqqtRY0V3ap9yYmD2NjXTDjwFY3WtXvwkjd3FhU+Dr+0s7QkJzsjDv1Dmhh5wMYw2Q4weZRKVKOuXfpVKKjCTwwaNidk4ItMsjfdahGdH3mFo0Jt7uW09i3jvg9YWFgNeW5+6NCXkMd1J/yAXC67cXWvau7B0FkhqrkHBl1Sqq+HK7q1XUOSS731AcIvYBS+25SeLkcMre6lldGvi5JGE1lZYDNC0Ev6+QvpQV5d0os5AokJP4qaVEepVIyeSRGXd6H7RdCASUYyEcFUqOaX3Ph3d3bmPfylu6ffqAnLHRy7kGtVG+iwhVzRK8Mwf3enGQuw7deNIfxgJ0FSeO7S7yvK829c3ZOXnVRUmP73HxB7AugUSiS50mOuXfxVJKrB1Gv90C00eOAUJtNYJRemU9uvseNi6yahA/fwWAq0fSaT3a//pIDgCRkN970wcOwJ4oXX04I09dYHdXF48d2mLC0NHcm9I7S6l1bBtg2Jcec1L/85upHz2thlK/e1mIJJoamOmqkwd28dRv8CQyYMDJtjyTWF4iOVKn5xxL+7n2Tex1+6d/F7fsKbdg6e5FqlEy1X+9Li7Au/rUAHwlo+JhU/TLqek3X/+SdJnl4BLaZgOtg7eE6b/XlNdVnkjUOPHtyE2BNAx0CSK+tx9PVLOzSSa/DweUGhk5nGv3621UfexdM/lBRlKBQKTB384tiBj5m/rVj42k8NmoZptn261r4X1y7tqKkqNXDsiQ4KL4VCnpMR1733IO2ThfmpV89v18ThNZ7dpgghIHi8tvBCBA+cSpYxeuLZVJichOuXdqLqmHT/EvqHnkNhoxZrbySgVCoEtZXGsxzVMEiloqazNFCFv3Fl95PsBPylh1ef0UhyGVnYmI7h6ORVzS9FZY2/lMkkVZXFLq7GsiSbEKxtHMdNfmfEmFfj7p68H/1P67En0COWRoP+MDNFKhE2GgFATSPz8V10q8S3MUWKZOiI+f36T6RGyBL/gFEZaZGalwIBv6fXUEo5JOp9L5YsVwUTDb/8W2lxm7EnlER1h3dEeCHVdeLPT0uKst547wC+C02BauuDnzVxeA2825RhQP4xm82RSESaM738wki0R4/QaF29g7WrY8aju+ifu6ffyHGvOTqrlhZnp8deOrN1/rJt5hMJTCyuPbT7nVnzv9bMxeZXPA2/vDPvSTL+skvXANRcqTRTm0Zn9On3fErCv5ozTs7dKDn6bMGxDhu5aNCwOcnxlyMjDrUUe+LI/jWTZqw1/FZmAOmkJl+Pu3tqwbIf8ZdIcmU8ikKSSyIWYGqXdeiIBYH9X6DStmzqYfcGBIZMIMUSfePq3mvuku8qy/NvXt2HXOhmY08gB/vWtd9R8yfE9Wq38EKq6/ihT/DYp0n3Ljq79bh2fntVVQn+Lim7TRmMkEHT7t46gh8jn5hnR3HN0ag6FuanHv59jZ2Dx3PPv4IEmVwuO7jrnXlLvzfqaeMEIRbVHNrzrlBQdePf3VNnf1pZUXj90o6C3Af4u129g0aMe41nRx3JpSEw5AVt4YWaAInG6Bsm0yI4dGq//pMep96+8e8e9EzVjj0hqOWXlTxB4nsuqvNGPm8PIJQHSVevX9yBqZeLObt2T0+LDL+0A3fCkeQKG7UoIHg8lSQXDoPJ9u45IDsjTnPGzeDbyBoSOwdP7X0vtGNP9PQZcvv6fvRT/PP3Vy/O+azz3X7tE14KhezYwXWa8KeRNw4pVahGIgYMmdF/0HRqhyX07TtSI7zU2t8sBh3w6lhTXXY7/I/01DuV5QVnjn2Nv4WKHkmxWQu+JmuTQcMgElX/uec9fJkSEqCnj6x/1svlHTh6/HIKd/s5OnVlMJhIZOMvu3YPJtceA4Aepb59Rvj4P5ebHY/ktSb2BEu9MA15nof3vf/Swk3GEwUb0CspCVeQn4kfXz6zTSiofCa5Ri4MCJlAPcmlATlaGuHl2bUvNYZQW6fRvhd47AlU1qjhY6rtB5KPH/p05vyv6PROzY9vx5eR6jp6YF1pcZbWGbm7p5+bp8/AsNnGFqFEH9jYOnO5PDw0i2/fUWSbY1CsbRwnTF01YsyyuKjjCVpz3ZD2Onbw42lzv2jaL00NRMLqQ7vfwafN4uAVgHoDi81DowWHTkE3IHRobetEmSmbbUJTxZ4IWfLmzqcFaRGXd5WW5EilYvwtVOePHvho+rwvPb36kmskoG+S4y9HXNmlecmvfOro5FVRXjAEn8tFXcmF4+bhozkOHjCFREsMTP2+Fy+lxF+JvHFI43li6ogNf/+xdvaibzpT+roKL4Ucqa6PNHHnNZQUZaIbEJ28CLAGBknMiH9302h0BydzHGuw5Nr6B45OaLjIAHH6yPpJMz7s3msgKVbpD6S6Du5eic+c1VBemvvCtPd7+gwhyyoD499vDC68BgyeQbYtJODm4Tt36ffoVovuddrnTx3+cvLMj7x7DiDLMEDfJN2/eOPfPY1OyhXy19/9wwRWLBIBerKjG/7DpOuYuseLbHMMDZNpERQ6pYfP4D92rtA+X1by5K+9q+ct/b7D4dl0El5Idf19YK0m9LwGW1tnD68+NdWlFB5qaQQqAyS8/AJGUmpxR3u4E36w2fPnT343bvI7Pn2eM7A9+kMkrDqwayU+ebYRjx/eMh/hxbNzY1tw0e/QvVco2baQg1DAb6S6cM6d+Gb81Pd6+w0zvEmAvkm8d/7m1X1Nz1eWF1RVFpnDxFacfiETkfCi6qoaXXiYeK3pSX7l00N73nn51a0d2+a8beGlHmH8SKlU9g0e5+zc3d6pi416xEE948EsJjlpw7WyQ8+hvkHjyDaENKbO/hTDlDKZVCKuRQ+kmqryysrCivJ81cZQF7aLxbWBIS+QbSMBiITVGtXFtbbz7NLXxb2ng2MXW54LqgPmdg8KHTLz3t1T5hY9RAOLxZm7ZHNNVSm625aX5ZcUZSAvFJ/zcfnMNrGoNiB4PNk2AkSSdO+CRnW5uPV08/R1dulu5+BubaN69plJdxeOo4s3nc6g9qqa1vELHO3VPai6qrSyLL+0NKfkaUZNtWq/c/T34K6V81/dyml/mNK2hReNRp+79PuO2EtRBg2b4+zanWwryIWGbj3oH9fK3tHZW3vnek3MJ1OnorxgzuJvuVw7lYNh9qGbfPo8p4qjaK4wWRZOLt7on/ZJVNWlUjES6ILaCvTXfGa/UR7kUrp6+Lyy4jcLjjXlZ3G1CY1GCxowyRxW1bQEcrbRP/eGwbDlcqlELBQKq8pL8zy8/NvbCcWsqqnNyMog0kyqIxHRE1IekG0FpQjq04duZFtDunv6km2CEWFl7eAXMIpsK4wL5JGy2ZboH4T1ohhsCytYsqpNUOgU8CsagRS5JZel2tPFsSNfZ0bc/DchJTG/REi0YQCgK/+ZNzQgxHDbAAhF4qNHf7K2NC6pB5gVLo6OYSPnm8+yJOPh1IVLNFGaXG6+PbgA6TBpNGVkUllcWgXZlgDmy8oFBu3PVyjklTXSD7cnGfKiAKDNsW2vSyUCC2pt72ESMGnCX09lwiMPIBFw+gEAAAAAAAwECC8AAAAAAAADAcILAAAAAADAQIDwAgAAAAAAMBAgvAAAAAAAAAwECC8AAAAAAAADAcILAAAA0KCU8Mv4EozNc+Sxaa2eqyrni5UNzgEA0DYgvAAAAAAN/HPTnGdGYCOOlUfMsq87V3VhuvP0cGzUqcrr03j15y7OcJ52TTnyREX4DDuyjAUAEwSEFwAAAAAAgIEA4QUAAABosJsRrlQ2Osebdr3puRevKhqfAwCgbUB4AQAAAAAAGAjDCC928PubL87WTAMQ5SZG//rj4d9Taju3Tyln2IZtx3ucHLz4Uo5c+7jT9mI0xzFrYteUz5t5QLxCH5a3RCs5shyzdfsh3r6g124WdfbazG5jJs7mpew6lcmHjWIBAAAAwIAYsMdLkb1l/T9JYrqVS+95yyZs+tWhdvaWI0UEqCQ8dUFRQRqrRkJM17dlyPieknsXHgqxHpi+LW8JYnOkDbPb2KlrPIWHT2fyCU8beAb4GzoC/gZAPaD564g5Nn8DCi9pWfTNuHABOoq5lG4Z9cuIZWG8YyfLCdIvkvs/fzWSmKQwjNttejAtdlN2Nf5Sv5a3RAdzRGOwLTCJSN+yENAR8DfaB/gbAIWA5t8+zKX5kzPHq/ZJWg42wtXLlonh8oXpOXzqhjfHjO9lw5RWxF44tXZbRIoA/fZ0h5AJny0bMTbQw9kCEz59dGzvH+vP5NY0UyoNlTLdJmzxq5sX9+/JFWdHXlx/3GrT90FHFnz0TYasTkTbHVl0vtuaV4cE2TP4j29v/HL/wQyxJlXLHoOe42R/lVyrxFgdtVz1lsewKV+9MXq8rx1bIcxLiftp4779OTKdM9WsN8Pxf3HZ/uXDg+2VxUkRGzb+dSwHVVE8R38vu+z93uJBgfbl/1v00abHihauokr279EWGLYo9vYilGLBn18M/V+2uLWMAJ0A/I32Af4GQCGg+bcPc2n+5AgvJs/VEcNqyoTqPj+a4/BXLnw/XHT95OodGXyHvm+998ppB/FzH0YWKui8Ls7y5OsbThQVC1hdB4z6cN1ay+K1K6NqW1UEDO9Z7x55s0vswd1f3K1yCB3/9ac93LHaBh/xn/lN2enVy1elyL2Wrl+1+b8lsQtOPpTi77F6jernkHE2sqKZi+huufPI1y5/O1R25+y6j9IK6XZ9BgR0s2NiauHVoUyp8Z326/wHP3//wzcKr7lvz/tpO6P45X0ReEPxf+mb2nMfvLs2SchmlKEKyGjhKoLYH75aafPVT+7npq259VSBSaoqJK1lRIfiBHQD/A3wNwCzBZo/NH8NBhReNKYll2OF0bguPks/fKGbIuuLG6UqqcPyfOXd4fb39w39NDxP9VsnRxXZRv04Y4F3zPeZsqwzf6zRpBCVku36w/55fp/ejats5cex6PbGkt6Cyz+8sj1R9bHYRwWOm49NafgZ4cPPNl6IUL3N/+XnyGU7Bo31+OchXtQs57HP2Wf886BEozk6YHmu+2vvDLVL/GPYh1dVtQ7Drl67UZ9chzKFw6ja8eFv27NRism3M2i+f8/58PlTt04LVW/JMzZ8efpiqcbolq9SWV6EdKO4Or+gJA+v3KwurRRBWzYBugL+BvgbgNkCzR+avwYDCi920L6zO+uO5U9+Wb11T67qIc9w9Jnghd3ffT+/TuEq+SnR96RhI3pzf8isotn0WLxi9muje/eyq5fhOZ7OzLhKaYvXYTr2HOIki7n0uE7HKIXxl1Nrp3g3+FBucmJVXYlLywtLsKCutgxklurrLgFTPEvPRZU9u0L7Ld8m8B3jqYzdGfOkOd1Cb3+m6s2Ovphfl6K08P7pnLmrwjwsT2eoU4iPqWxQX3S/SutFAO5/pwB/ow7wNwDzA5p/HdD8G2DIVY3pX605Gi9mOfkM+XDl8Jcm9toRHVeswBhW9jYYFrj+f4XrG3z8ob0Fg+Hw0qZ13/ik/bz9pyuPKypFdN8la37rx27cE9oQOtfWChOW1DxTIbIafnWjD8nEz+SHQqHE6Cw6vtsY3XnAkN5l8avztH769lvOtuLZYOKM8ubmCDIc5rQ/U3XUVFZpOmDlwqc1GMeOy8INF9UItXVXe67SWhGgn0oXw4CWAH+jHvA3ALMDmn890Py1MeSqRv6D+NQ7AgyLexBbZRf52bLPL6SujKpVCPg1mDzqu68/vC/S+rRCVFou5w16OZR++/OdX1/BfwiOK6ttfaIQVNVils7WdM0ZpjWSQbpBtx483qvq7uHH4k5ZLraqrMIsXB3YNEzUqAhpPN8OZKoOazvUUuo6QhmWbtaYKFsgrb+A9oXadZVWMgKqq7OAv4ED/gZghkDzx4Hm3xBSJtfLCy7/9fOSr9//z8itseczStOu5DNeG2RfcSq2pOHYKt2ZbUGTV1TXSQualff0/hxM2EbqsrKMqFLmrPG9eHeS+OibNMugsb5WmLiNr+GXsO45q6/szh+5gs5ZjonS/s2nrXwp1OvatUbyX7X+ov2ZqsNr0ATPs2mqTleM5R4yrZsy5a/CZr/a+lVkEjnGQh+of9lKRoBOAv6GGvA3AHMEmr8aaP6NIGnLIGn+7zsTVnw9+d2Q8Hdj8nZvvfny92+f2XTm54uPciUcV8+uw8Nc7nz32+HS9Cs57HdeHTMw9WI81mXOqtdn8bC2NYo4Z9f+x4veX7G78MB29TTDT0ahX1+ki6Kw9h0yCHv8bqqoxU/oaHlhwZ5ttxduXvLPd46bT6cW0Hj+AwIcr/y+IVGkqOxQpnAUtm99+7ps580Updfct+f2Kb/58rVyOcZp5oOtXUWa/6AUGx+2YFTm+UKxoCT/YXErGTGdFbrGDvgb4G8AZgs0f2j+zyBrr0Zlya0TewrW/+etsB/u/Ztza9+ElQWfLR+34ZsXLTEZvzD39vWriXwFJi34Ze3erl/NPXNxNiYsuXX65NsnZ+0a2mbi8qzjP86zWvbdkuWHl0rzY69s+LZq40bvysYqvCkW/uP6cB7+Gdfcyt32WY4pS2/ufWFNyca3xnz37RQGJslLvPvjMXVl7GCm1KSeXnG2+7q1az7nYaUp4e++fyi8pcHo1q4izz1/4NvBr6/c+PGK+oW1ZS1mBCAO8DfA3wDMFmj+0PzrMYzwksT/8K7bDw3PibM3zlyyse6FvCjm/NvoX5NvCrMj3l0c8e6zE7fcnh2Lbn/2plszx6gEqm//vm3Y7/gLZu+lG5yqs5LqYr8Jr656VSsRTJp3YeSQC6ojtvfkwdwH+9LKn9XWjluOJHX+rZOv3DrZ5Lyy5Uy1nCMts6+f+K1hgo1z1NZV0M/zaOvqD7Y2+HwrGQGIAvwN8DcAswWaPzT/Osjq8dIvLM+wNVO4DxJy82tZXUNHf7zcI+P3Hffb1NeS7C+mLTOEfYBZAP6GNuBvAGYFNH9toPk3gJrCC5PL7fpP3LzEyZaOySrzruzZsm5fTssdqQBABcDfAACzBZq/CUFN4SV9enft8rtryTYDAAwK+BsAYLZA8zcdqCm8AMAMAX8DAMwWaP4mBAgvAAAAAAAAAwHCCwAAAAAAwECA8AIAAAAAADAQILwAAAAAAAAMBAgvAAAAAAAAAwHCCwAAAAAAwECA8AIAAAAAADAQRAovDkuJ0TCZnCaDHWZNGShHAAAAANATRAqvdyaKLFjKa8ms22ksApMFDAxejqgQUVGSbYux4+ch7+kmRwr1UgKbbFuAjgPlCHSACUESJgPLeMpILWCQbQvQcQxfjsyxI8d4u7GYTAJuNzeu7pdKxG/OGfR1t76dT804yc99qFAobHnOPDsXsm3RF3g5Lp4S9Pl7/Q1zRWtrB8NcCMfCgh3i731sa1jnk3qaG1eUE8lgcl5f+mrnUzNOFEq5UqHq/GQwKCtKDF+ODtZKGo1umGsB2vTu3v2j19k0hlXnk0qO2i2XiSaOGujmNaDzqRknCoVUqVTS6Aw6jbLi0vDlyORY2gQETyYkrbu3T6AHdr/+k13dexOSoBGC8lhTVTp19iddvYPJtkVf4OXYJ3gCVfPIZDDDnntJLpN0Pqk0jgA9sNkWFoP6h3Y+NeMkKz3m3/O/WlrxFi77kWxb9AUJ5UijsdlcA10L0MLXN6i7dy9Cknp0/4BQJvLt7e/bh7LN//ifn5WX5o4Y+6pvnxFk26IvDF+OMLm+fTCZ6tE3pZJsQ4BOwWCw0L/Op8Ozd8dTY1sQ4EAbJ3YOnhjV82gO5QhoIKqU8XsIqjwUrjYWFpYY1fNo+HIE4dU+LC1tKrFCsVhAtiEAYCDweQiCmgqyDQEAwNBYcGzQX4lYSLYhlAKEVzuBaRmAmUGjq+Z2KBSwxhUAzA4GQyUSlEoF2YZQChBe7YPL5aG/EhH0eAHmAoNO2Um1AAC0DovFQX8lEujxIhIQXh0B5D9gPtAZcJcAADOFxVYJL6UcOryJBG6p7YNrZYf+SqUisg0BAAPxLOqBUolekGoLAAAGBZ9pAI88YgHh1RFkREQiAACTQLP8U4kpaRgILwAwIzgcawweeUQDwqt9WKhroVwuJdsQADA0qjiKoLsAwPwgJOohoAGEV/ugq/tdJRBOAjAbGMz6Hi/V1EaYaA8AZgTHUh1OAibXEwoIr/bBZquiyUH8VMB80HRyKaHeA4CZgc8ukMPkekLRo/BSiosG+74VnnWCS6HhCXy+i1BQqTlDyWy2hFllFsCh1YeTUEIoLwAwM/BVjWJRNdmGUAro8WofTJYF2SYARg31tCmtfmKXEnvW40W9bLaCWWUW6DCUrCd4NBmFVgQlSmazJfSUWf0KL5kw//C+jV++vbHCPnDP0RNzwrzQSX5m9PJX3jh2I4HG8fx85/FPFw9W5UhSOun5Dxcs7bVn34n0POz7I3/1Kr6+ZtP21ALO75evjPez1auduoPPdxEKG8h/6mWzFcwqswCmJbzkMhnGJtcWAAAMClM9yCMS8Mk2hFLoV3hJapKjhT9kCT6V83Om9HvBMyo+zKFy0qjVu+5HH3ZkKwRFE/3GxE1OCHVUjWUUxB8t6ZF27fY6Ud5tJ++gH29mX4t6Q5wfOXDmt3F3vyZgQ2MiYNDV+ycoZNonqZfNVjCrzHYMimlTWgvbZFEsm61jVpkFOgz16gmD1YyzRb1stoI+Mqtf4WXtOu7b5cPRE5jB6/bzVy9+efDhsA/6RWRGMJkMTKkUSWReDspSgQJTP6Q5vMGLnvNABxbOvft6jJ49yAUds5168iqzZEqMZRy9mky2aqhR3HDHUOplsxXMKrMdg6raVCYTa7+kajabxawyC3QY6tUT3O+qra7QPkm9bLaCPjKrX+Fl36WPZf3yc8fevQuiSpWYIuXC3iX/WVdA95g67fnkwvKZ9UulGBY8/MOopJlMDpNed0wzprVUdHUtbLS2lnrZbAWzymzHoJg2banHi2LZbB2zyizQYahXT/CF/AqswR2betlsBX1kVr/Cq6Y0H12Mrb5YVW5ud/+B/NRz0z9/kJBRbKsyQf5JbESD8jT6MmDhtVDWIIAq9bLZCmaV2Y5BVW3aKHo1VbPZLGaVWaDDULWeCGsrtV9SNZvNoo/M6ld4VeT889fdkmVDnZUS/lffX3/v4jpldiJmaW/BVD2NC2NP/RiVGCozjV9fG0HDmYZUzWazmFVmOwZVtWmjOF5UzWazmFVmgQ5DvXrCUi/kl8sbTGumXjZbQR+Z1a/wcug+jB/+zdhPYypreN/+cSLIkYU5zFk/8jU7poWrT8jqjZsPfjQn/kHZjB4eejWDQPAer0ZQL5utYFaZ7RhU1aZyaYMeL6pms1nMKrNAh6FgPWlupgEFs9ky+sisHoUXzcL1RvJZdLD6Y+2zrMX/3Y/+1b2c9dx0/IDtdDvzONbc8Y1Hf+nPyM5jJtnEMavMdhjqaVMOx1okqlEoGwRQpV42W8GsMgt0GOrVEwajGZFAvWy2gj4yq+cAqpo9dTWDFB0+YxzjwUxmc4GMKJfN1jCrzLYfSmpTJpuDiWrkWlMbKZnNljCrzAIdhpL1hF6/cYUqgrJ6FI2S2WwJPWVWn8JL+8lK1NOabJ5F8VYq646pmM0WMavMdhjK/TJMddxgmbzBUCP1stkaZpVZoMNQzi/VLGp+9sjDKJjN1tBDZvUpvLR/0KY/bsfOkA2+V6OaOvlPyWy2iFlltmNQUZtaWtpUYoUK7Y1yqZjNFjGrzAIdhor1RPPIUwsv9REVs9ki+sks7NXYPhrKf3JtAYwS6mpTqVT07AV1s9kMZpVZoMNQup4oVds1MvAj7bNNP9eRM0aLfjILwqt90Bl1A97PaiEAUB2ulT2m2ilL0eYnAQCgEvg0AxUmpJaMHhBe7YOuWVsLtRAwMyRiAdkmAABADgqFHHoaiAKEV/vQDDVCLQTMBwuODdkmAABAAjQ6POiIB4RX+6DRm9+3DgAoDEM9wi4UVpFtCAAABkWzklEmkzYbPxzoACC82getfjsAuVzKwqAWAmYBU71tCAAA5gatucj1QCcB4dU+ND1eMMULMB9YLA76KxLWkG0IAAAGRdPjJW8Uxg/oBCC8OohCIWv7QwBACfDo1cqGWwYBAGAGPIsZTq4dVAKEV/vQnlxPriUAYDAsLKzQX7GolmxDAAAwKM96vGTQ40UYILw6CAgvwNyQy6VtfwgAACqigB4v4gDh1UHkchhqBMwFC0tr9FcqEbX5SQAAKIlCBn4XYYDw6igg/wEzQyoVkm0CAADkIIdpzcQBwqvdcK3tBDWVDfatAwBKg69qlErEZBsCAIChseTaCgVVMMhDICC82g2dDj8aYF7gW5SKxDC5HgDMDgaTjakCqILfRRigIdoNh2NTU1UqlcCwC2AuMBiqGwVM8gAAM4Stjp+slCvINoQ6gPBqNyyWard2hRJqIWAuMJmqO69AwCfbEAAADI0FRxVNRgJTPImDAOFVWZ5v5+CJDsZOelsuk9o7eIrFtSwWh06tzTWr+SU2PGd0MGz0UrGo1sW1h0RcS2cw8WcSBeBXPuXZuWH15eji2lMqFdFodKa6nxnQRqGQ4SPOqPRt7VysrBww1RQoIcX2MlMqFao9smg0BoOFsomfFAr4llweuYYRhboc0W2K1rAcRSw2h2zTAONFU0NsbJzo6EagfgTI5VLUTMg2jUhkUjG+VxjX2hG1DpY6mxKJkE2Vu5zmjm34ciRAeDFZnCdZ97t2D/H06qs+obzx754RY1/rfMpGhaUVLz72THDoVFf33viZS2e2Tpi6ilyrCAS5NRmPInv6DK0vR+zqhe1jJv6HXKuME9RIk+MvBwSP9+jiv+j17eiMRCyo4hc5uXQn2zQiQbI7+f6lgJAJTi7eddmUCMtKc7t0pYjwQuWYeO98v/6TNOWI7sXIA6FYOQLEUltbwZFbcSxtZ87fgJ9JunchsP9Ecq0iHNTYBQK+Lc/lhRdX42dSEq707TeWXKsIpLa20kImQW6kphxTk8P9AkYZ4NIECC9rG8e/9r638PWfcT/47q0jXboGdj5ZY4PJZGc+ivbo0sfFrSd6ie7Xru69yDaKSDgcmxtX97p7+nGt7NHL2Mhj7l38yDbKeEFKq6wk29HZW/VCqTx5+MvZizaRbJMesLK2z0qP6d5rIP7y7LFNU2Z9TK5JxCKTSooK0+vbsvLMsY3T560n2SbAuOHZuR3+/f15S3/Ao7qXleRQchSea2V35Pc1Ly3chE+ur64qKch72DdoHNl2EQYqxz/3vjv/1W34hjTIcy4rfWKYSxMzx6tP0LgTf32GMlD8NCM28viylXsJSdbYCBk49cSfn776n90iUe3Nq/vmL9tGtkUEE9R/8vE/P1342k8lRVlIQC95cwfZFhkvPXoPOnpg7Sv/2YMUeeSNPzkcK0oud+3SLfC3HxejmoD8K+Rs8PlP2RZcso0iElSOR/Z/gBo1i20ZG3mCwWBTshwBAkF6y8nF+/b1/cOfXyqTSdBDQdNlQjH6Bo8/e/y/0+Z+oVQqUDZHv/AW2RYRCSpHF7de4Zd3jZ6wXKGQHT/4yZRZ6wxzaWJuMb59nouPOXPh1Oa8nCRrGwcOx4aQZI0Nz24Bcrns+KFPJOoljXb27mRbRDA9fYZE3jiElyN6vqJnLdkWGS88e3eZTHrh5Hf9Bky6F31q4rQ1ZFukF5AccXHrefSPtWMmv42cjYFhs8m2iGBQOSoU8tN/bxgyYv7dW4epWo4AsfTp9/ypw+u9uvVD3ohEIrJ39CLbIr3Qo/fAiCu7om//LaitqKkud/PwJdsigqkrR+9+GY+iBAK+o0tXw1yXGOHl4KQyNys9Fv0dPHweIWkaIWw218m5W2lJDjru6h2k2TCbMvDsXel0Bl6OA4bMINscowZ5S359Rz5IuvYkOwFT9QwFkG2Rvug/eNrF01vOHP0aU/cPkW0OwWjK8fQR1QgjhcsRIBBXdx/09+yJ/6K/3j36U2wlmQaulT3X2i7mzlFMHTmcMtPqNeDleOmfLVhdORqot5uYy6Bq1733wKzHMejYu1coIWkaJwOGzrz0z1Z04N/vebJt0Qd1DyF05OM/nGxjjB2/gFH4b2Vr68y2sCLbHH3h1S1Ic2zv2IVES/SEX+BovBytbZ0oXI4AgTCZbGfX7iVFWeg4IHgC2ebokQGDZ9y8ug8d9O1HndldGlA5urj1LH6aganHVQ13XaISCggej4QXUmA8O1ei0jRCunrXPYQ8uvQh1xI9oRETlHzEEouzepkFImTQNHIt0Stsi7qOXlf3XngkVYrhUl+OwQMmk2sJYEIEDZj87/mf0YGHlz/ZtuiRnj5DcOHVo36FDcUIHjj18hnVdG0PAy4mI+w26u6pMtqv70gMoxGVphGCHGIHR8/qqlKulR3ZtugFXEz4+A+n3kAq4Wi8Xu9eA8i2Rb/0HzID3ZsCDOgRGhIGg+Xh1acg9wG1e+sBYvHy7of+2jl4UCx6XyOsrB3wvRrtnajpint1U5WjgXu7CRNeLBbHwcnLMDEwyGXAkFlPC9LItkJf4GLCv98Ysg0xDZDXG3Fll7WNE9mG6Jeu3sGYeoUj2Yboi6D+k57mp1G7tx4gFq6VPduCGzLoRbIN0Tv9B01PTQmnWHhYDRxLG661nYF7uzsivERiSWx8HA1rvGcO3cIl5VFGZn45EYYZLzVVxYIq0e27t8k2RF8omQ6p6dk5hZ2NTMNgMAcPGEiZnjNlcyfdPP39A8c2+xaVQA8YewdPS649VXPq4uHby3e4kojeeip3+JsxzdZ8v8AxHl0CqNooNHTrGapQNv8LUIOAoBc8uwURkkEdm39HhFdKakp09PX7jysbnbdmi2skFFddmOqXVXJYMqHUQJHWDA9R5ciz5jpaCXv7j+p8UsbA9h3f2Fo19vmUSrlMWJpV8AMpJhkSqczi0J9UC1ynhVIiKDpwgIBy7NXNfejwuTSKLnMzTxIepGU+vFgtkDU6LxUUZeY+pdEoXtaqu5y4IjntEdmG6AupsPTB48c0OgFdeqOHj/Lq3vbMkw4ONT7Oq7kSXdSx7wJmgqebw2oGdW5JHDbjw+2JTc/T6ZhCQf22QEMOh/Ip2VboEXU5Fnc+nX9+GiiTS1h0Ks/7MTdkUsHl6KKTEfmNzptJ28fqmn8B2VboC3U5EpO78BCd5mNQcI0SABgSReMhd2qipPBIgxozKUeAQMynzlC7+Ru+HEF4AQAAAAAAGAgQXgAAAAAAAAYChBcAAAAAAICBAOEFAAAAAABgIEB4AQAAAAAAGAgQXgAAAAAAAAYChBcAAAAAAICBMAXhRbeb88vW/7mce37usQdS7Tc4YZ/9cOL5tMXTfrpcpXuYEc6wDduO9zg5ePGlHHmHbWJ2GzNxNi9l16lMPpEhQLRta2QnIWYDAAAAAEAmpiC8FPzwk2my9UNndj/94JGW8uL2eHmEdU1U+N3qdgV3UwiKCtJYNZJORYRjdhs7dY2n8PDpzM7uaKgrhJgNmAjgbICzAZgt0Pyp3vxNQXhhytLo67elK2ZM8Nz8KFtcf9am78jxNsJ/Tz3m61wDaQy2BSa5//NXI/VjqD4xUbOBDgHOhgpwNkhBKeGX8SUYm+fIY9NaPVdVzhcrG5wDiACavwoqN3+TEF6YovLBgTjp7nFhvr9lJ9YpL8vQaUG86vhDyWKHkImfLRsxNtDD2QITPn10bO8f68/k1tSVluWYrdsP2f297LL3e4sHBdqX/2/RlxGLv6/X0XSHkAltfffIovPd1rw6JMiewX98e+OX+w9m0MI2bPt7tAWGLYq9vQh9ruDPL4b+75kirIfpMWzKV2+MHu9rx1YI81Liftq4b3+ODLkzrV60JbTlf0uGievSoNuELX518+L+Pbni7MiL649bbfo+6MiCj77JaLzJK2CsgLOBgbNBEvxz05xnRmAjjpVHzLKvO1d1Ybrz9HBs1KnK69N49ecuznCedk058kRF+Aw7soylJtD8MWo3f9MQXpiy5vbJFNG3g+f2PJb4QIJO0Gx6LwizrLgefq+W7tLFWZ58fcOJomIBq+uAUR+uW2tZvHZlVO2zyun/0je15z54d22SkM0ok3s9S5fOa/u7M78pO716+aoUudfS9as2/7ckdsGp2B++Wmnz1U/u56atufVUgUmqKiSNLaY7j3zt8rdDZXfOrvsorZBu12dAQDc7JqYWXm1fVBeaMezkQ5V3xPCe9e6RN7vEHtz9xd0qh9DxX3/awx2rbfdvDpAKOBvgbABmCzR/ajd/ExFemLLy3vVrwlVTJnttfJAhxGi2/UaN5laf+ierFpNlnfljjeaDUSnZrj/sn+f36d24Sk25yjM2fHn6Yik+NM3REl46fFf48LONFyJUr/m//By5bMegsR7//JRTXiRUYOLq/IKSvGaHn1mer70z1C7xj2EfXs1RF/3VazfacVFdaM6whzlyzKLbG0t6Cy7/8Mr2RNWbsY8KHDcfm9KelAFjAJyNpoCzYQjsZoQ32ROZN+1603MvXlVQcRjIKIDm3xQKNX9TEV6oHj46ECmaNPq5gJ8zYkTcIdMDrcpu/ZWm0tx0mx6LV8x+bXTvXnasuk/neDoz4yo1g+M58TGVzU8IbPu7ucmJ9dMYpeWFJVhQV1tGm9YyHH3HeCpjd8Y8aU5wt31RXWjeMDnTsecQJ1nMpcd1Mk4pjL+cWjvFuz1JA8YAOBtNAGcDMBeg+TeBQs3fZIQXphTEnYqvej50ns9fsdl+Cwexn/5zM1mENI7DnE3rvvFJ+3n7T1ceV1SK6L5L1vzWj83S/q6oRtis7tLluzLxMzmkQA4enUVveyIpw4png4kzypubF6jLRXWhBcPoXFsrTFhS8yzDshp+dXsTB4wAcDYaA84GYDZA828MhZq/6QgvDKtKjrhUPWTi1O4/3h41wqJ837lcpLtoPN+XQ+m3P9/59RW8TDiurGY0TLPCWsfvdgB5bWUVZuHqwKZhokaX1t9FcRSCqlrM0tmarjnDtEYqEDBBwNloBDgbgPkAzb8RFGr+piS8MEHmnxHVs0dO+U83f4unl45lqkpBtWqDJq+oluLlTbPynt6fgwl1Sq8z35VJ5BgLfb35d+Vlaf/m01a+FOp17VojD6AzF9XJsLKMqFLmrPG9eHeSVItfaJZBY32tsCbzIAFTAJwNXQBnA6Ak0Px1wRSbv0kJL0yU8E9c6ZRRSwKxnN8jH6ln9ykq06/ksN95dczA1IvxWJc5q16fxcN01DGd+K40/0EpNj5swajM84ViQUn+w+KGSl9asGfb7YWbl/zznePm06kFNJ7/gADHK79vSBR1xmCdEOfs2v940fsrdhce2K6eafjJKFTLRUQGvQMMBjgbuhgGzgZASaD562KYCTZ/0xJemODRjbOlo5Y6FR29XFi3qkJa8MvavV2/mnvm4mxMWHLr9Mm3T87aNVS35Dr+XXnu+QPfDn595caPVzS/tlZRenPvC2tKNr415rtvpzAwSV7i3R+PyTprsE7Is47/OM9q2XdLlh9eKs2PvbLh26qNG70rG/shgEkAzoYOgLMBUBNo/jpggs3fxIQXJsr4aMqSjxqcUgqzI95dHPHuszO33J4dC6+uetWtwedFtz97061D35XmXRg55AJ+rKh+tHX1B1tbs1WWf+vkK7dONjnfykW1bdM+bvSyNcNw427/vm3Y7/gLZu+lG5yqs5LKKbftgnkAzoYutoGzAVASaP662GZyzd/UhBegAyzPsDVTuA8ScvNrWV1DR3+83CPj9x33CfQwAEMCzkZbhuHGgbMBUBBo/m0ZhhtnWs0fhBcVkcvt+k/cvMTJlo7JKvOu7Nmybl+OiGyjAEB/gLMBAGaLyTV/EF4URPr07trld9eSbQYAGA5wNgDAbDG15g/CCwAAkwecDQAwW0yu+YPwAgAAAAAAMBAgvMwUa0umQCxXwCa3AAAAAGBAQHiZIxYs+idL/fg1si2HH0mkxhzuBAAIw5HHnjHSc//5HKkM6jwAmBfjBrpWVEtiUyvINkSFUQgvOp02Jcz90t2nYhAB+ofJoH2wwNfHS7Wnwuj+zpfuFpFtkZnCYtKRAq4RNrepLEA01pbMT5b4d3Pjertxv9jzQC6Hvl6ATOxt2EgHkG2FuTC4r8Mb07qjg21/P76dWEa2OUYgvNgs+ntzeqPfpU93228PpirhfqhPaDTsP7N6hfjYoeMb8aWXo0F1kYOtFfPDBX5IBH+xOwX8DX2DBO6nS1WqCx3HpVWC6gLIJdTPftW83n9cyAG/1wAE9uStnudDp9PK+JLUHKPYPrsjwovFZNhaW3X1cCbEAjqNxrW0QAcD/e2XT/c9f7eckGSBZpk02GFEsAM6SMsVnInke7kTU4jN4upkr7/ETZ3pIzz9vVWdjm+/1GvL4Ufgb+gPdMNdNc+nt5c1OkbPuZMR+WRbBJg1HDbjrRk90d/XpnYvLBMlpvPJtojKIHfrwwW+yMUViORf73+ItBfZFqnoiPAK7BPwBrPytVmEDZEolUp+Rb5EIhg30GHWWH+OJY+olAFtREJ+FV/lYLFYnGGhvZ4bGKzvKzq59NL3JQxGUF+/izuGEJeeUlT9RC6tCQt0HDnoRbalC3EpAw0QC57KRKrBBSabN3Nin5kTn9fr5Vg0AZ1O/kgCQCC9unu/OmPw8pcdiEpQIROJqrPpdPmXrwVybLrTGRZEpQxoo1TIhFWZSoWURqM5OPfa+WU/fV+RxdLJh+7IDYJGo/f0HdGBL7ZOSvzZyvK8mupSv8AXWGxLwtM3c6QSYeydg+jA2tYlKHQGKkayLTIxBg6eolAQuQeFUjEkNfkyqvNSYYmP7yBbO3cCEwdwKsqepCaloANH5+69+zyP7r/6viJNdYNk6PsqgCHh2doPGDQFNVkC0xQKKhNjT6BbCk1eHtDvRToDxDrBKBUKdIMVqFVXQP9p1jZOBriojk6XERV2n6BJ8dFHBbUV96OPhA5dCBWRQOQycVzUn6iRc63s+w2YDqqrQ9AI7smgY32DJyfEnqypKn6YeDE0bCH4G8SCnm1pyVfQgaNLD7+A8WSbA5gwdKLFtJW1U/DA2ffuHhHUlKen3YD6STiZ6beQW4sO+oXOtLbR46SaDmBE4gb5iUGhs2IjD0olooTY48GDZqMzZBtFBZQK+f3oo3KZlMXmoF8YflVjgtav/7S4qL/EohrwN4hFKhEiR06pVFrbuvgFjCPbHABojKWVPXK9UuLPlRVnZqdHevcaSrZF1CEv515hXjI6QL+wsakuzKiEFwI9dUIGzY29c1BQW/Eg4Xzf4ClkW0QBlIn3TqPnOvLY0G8Lz3Vjg6Yql9kxd8DfIBKFXIaErEIht+BYI2kLXbyAcWLn4NXT97mMtJv5TxI4lrZunn3JtogKlBZl5GREowP026JfmGxzmsHoHsMstmW/0Bnx0ccqy/NQdUQ/HNkWmTapyVdqqorRQfDAl2AkyzhhMC1CBs2Ji/wT/A1CUCoVSMIiIctgspCohRlXgDGDxJZIWIWEF3reIe1lnELBhKiuKkpLUU0w8OwaZLRC1uiEF6Ye/PbtOw79dk/zU6ysHYz2tzN+stLvlBVnooOA/i9aWkFwB+PFgmMT2H9aYtwp5G/AoEMnQeIVSVgajYbkLBK1ZJsDAG2A2nttTRlq+6jqDhg6H90NyLbIVBGLqpPiTmHqaZ3GfBc1RuGFcHLtKRLxczKiwQnoMHk59wqeJKIDpGJ5dh5kmwO0gQ3PDQYdOg++UBQdINUFDzDAVNBaW/b3wLCF4DB0AKlEeC/qsFKptLVzN/JpnUYqvBBduvUXCauKClJT4s/1HzwXOmzahWaQu1vPQUjFkm0OoBMw6NBJstMj8S7evsGT4Y4BmBDaa8vuRx8dMORlGCJvF5ppnVwr+4CQqUY+rdN4hReil98osagG+a/xMcdgsb3uaAa5XT38kH4l2xygHXj3GioSVSP1AP5Ge3man4I0K2bEM2oBoBU0a8vQUy/x3mmItqg7mmmdprJy36iFFwbBvdqPZpDbzqELUq5kmwO0G7+AcXhwL/A3dKeyPDcj7SZm3DNqAaB1UGMPHvjSvbtHUPNPTb4Cwb10BJ/WaUIr943dRAju1S6kEuH96L/x2EV9gyaTbQ7QMSC4V/uorSlLiT+HDlzcfIx5Ri0AtAkE92ovjx+G49M6TWjlvgnc0NFTB/2gsXcOIUmblnzZL/AFsi16hlKpQFoHyUM2m0u2LXWD3HKZtC52kf53RwH0RKPgXiGD58CgQ0uIRdUJMccwdRdv7z763YcRAAyAnYNX995hWY/v5D9JQDrM1d2PbIuMF6RNiwtT0UFAyFQTmphhAsILwbawDhwwPTH2ZFlJtlE5ATXVJcgqJHRCwxaSawnELqIY2sG9jG3QAVmF/gb2n8a2sCLXErlMjHfxcq3s+wRNItcYACAKD69+gtryooLU9IfhqG7b2LqSbVEdtTWlqUmXUcMPVMUlJhnNtE7Vyn17T7LNaQemIbwQqObhwb1gsX2zQOwi6mHBsekbPCX5/hljG3QQCaswtdYn1wzYCwugMJq1ZUlxp4wnuJdCIUfNn/S2j2lN6zTFlfsmI7wwCO7VMump4fW7gc4wkvYJEAJy4yC4VwvAXlgAxYHgXi0hrK3Ap3Wa6Mp9E7tbQXCvpmSnR6IfBKvbDdSFbHMAgoHgXs3yIOFCTVWxqot3yFxTmVELAO0Cgns1i1hUHV8/rdNEV+6bmPDCILhXQyB2kTkAwb0akZ4aXlH2BB0EDpjO4diSbQ4A6AsI7tUIfFqnQiG3tnYy3Wmdpie8MHUH7P27fwsFlarF9mEL6XSTzEXngdhF5gME99KQl3MP7+L17TvOeCYdA4CegOBeGjTTOlUr90NnmO60TpOULOoO2Bn4Yvuke/+YpxOgGeQ28t1AAYJ4FtwrPvpvpL3Mc9AB9sICzBBLK3u/wPGpSZfLijNzs2K9uoeSbREp1E3rpMDKfZMUXpjWYnvzdAIk4hrNILeR7wYKEIUmuJdEIjTPQYdq/lN8Lyw3z76mOKMWADqMo3MP5Gwgr+NJVqwl194MvQ70oK+b1mn6K/dNVXhh6sX2dcG9jGyxvb6Ry8T37tbtBqoe5Davp685g243wYNmx90xR39DWFuRqN4Ly9GlR0/f58g2BwAMjWZtGXI/LCytzWqcPT01HD3oMfW0Tgqs3Ddh4YWZZXAviF1k5nA4tma4o4hUIsS7eK1tXaCLFzBbjDO4l77RTOv0CxxPDblp2sILM7vgXhC7CFDtKGJWwb3wvbAUCnndXljQxQuYMeYW3EszrRPd9Byde5BtDjFQ4cltPsG98EFuzKR2AwX0gfkE94K9sABAG7MK7lVdVYRP66TYyn0qCC9M3QGLPIBqflF8zLGBwxYxWRyyLWqGvIgDA8ctE3vMy8/6w7L9TrtmkLtf6AwKi0tAR8wjuJcyJf4satp0OqP/4HmUd+4BQBfw4F4xdw5QO7iXUFCZVD+tk2JzKigivBCBIS/WLbaPOWaUToDir293fBtVsCjEkdb+NgKxi4CmaIJ7JcSdMM5Bh046G6nJV/gVBZi6i5f0DbkBwHhgsS0D+09LVDf/9NQI4wzg3pnmr5rWGX1UqVRSclondYSXZrG9Xp0AUXHqspkz/7ydNW/t5tAnJ3Nf3ui6afXPnh/kh6nfVogWB7/w+Z3rvaxpkoqcj99YsvVYhEfglL+O/5y6+T8fXrjDutEnY0/U+rntG6iG2EVACzwL7mWUgw6dcjay0yPxLt6+wZMp2p8HAB1Hs7YM+eQcS1vjC7DS8eavmdZpybWj5LRO6ggvzADBvaT8WWGLVl+IPNSbV3T/tM/AiFfnW4VM9xduuSlVYiwaJsqLTvN+uYc1DZPXLho6ddahy4qjbsLC+wMHr/g37a//Ppk+fP/l4a7t+801g9wmuhsooFcM4G80cjYc1x0u/GT1VpeV2fp0NmAvLABoE83aMvSPw+Hpwy03fF+DZloni80JHviSkTmTxEAp4YXhwb36TzqwYtS6PzNrec/xy29wiYu3UJl4rmrkF8/35qFj15Cp30wNe4Rh1n1HDlPsTyiThToxI3ftWfjhVnRBUW5UWvc3Xxrghj5p6R4Sl3qMadGR2iMSVuGD3A5O3YyzMxkgHeRvBIXOuhd1WC/+RhNn46dPLJGzIdl8p0Sq6MbRi7MBe2EBgI7oN7gXGX0NDxLO49M6Kbxyn4K5suF5PkyQeq/6fONI+4rCFC5xN+7KrAzP3lPr+xPofj5eSHhh3G4zR1ns+vtR/ze8fjrN3/mZAzonKM637dJTI/ksuJbINWjv5aQS4f27R/BBbv9+LxCUCYCCWHLtpAnR01fv43ODT96xmh40jKiUmzobmNrZCFPuvZFTuyiAR7izUV1VjO+F5erhR7EZtQCgD3r5jYj6ae3bv0TzuTvT8q/72NkRlbLh+xrSkq9UludhVF+5b7zCq1EPp8fnx/wuf7bP9r3/Le2lervVHs6fU3Jpj7e8k7Nil81NK+IW2/O8u+dfyFNiwWrtpXycmY+pAmhb+EwefGDX3gcDAgXD33Biq97jOnvw8x4jqYVrr+yYKE4f/3ZdSx+xizo50xkwYhQxV9Im/XJivkeOTWnS03w7ojqKmjobuZjK2Zg2nP7n4aQFX9oQ62yIRdVJcScx9V5Y0MULADqSkyrvs27zukHM4oTjPYcRts7GwH0N2emRpcUZmBlM6zRW4dWkh3PnF5zABctvTd4nXfK1Lj2cg/Ze9CgPxxfbh4YtICTCr33QZMvrE25mjRzR3ab84b/rTt1etER13qL70IU9r02d9teWG4/xOsrpOsQn64OzSbNfDHQSFiXPeXnT6cSDul9IP7GLOjXTGTAAnXE21NMplj9Z+tX6mVhG2k102+LZeXTepKbOhjpSi4XPxAGlv/z1YOpTAp0NuUx8P/pvpVJZvxcWAYCzAZgKnWn+n16LY0Zlvzf5jZ1vclTrbIbOJ2RTE0P2NWimdfbyH0VUX4nRNn8jFV7NDXDQmI7+k7l3dezhZDPomsX2hEX4ZdmfurVnwdSgkfcK5635YsYAXzaLoSpNluusVa+sunJifC9u3ScZ1ociT65aOGna+diAkUv+vHnEncvW/Tr4IHezu4F2+tnckZnOgCHotLOBT6dITb6s8jfunyFkR5GmzsaWL1Xn2d2HzvY4O3XaFcKcDb3shQXOBmAiENH8B/KEcZF/ikU16AnSN3hK540yWF+DZlpnt56DXN39Om+5GuNt/sYqvJr0cBapDphvrHphYzt6OIlebK+Qyu38TsZlql/I//vCZYY1ExOjYwYvZC6/cK72Z9n23tvPRW/XOvPRxWu6XOTRg6v1g9yzGz84CXo2d+pHAPRD550NHIL9jabOBpOOOxsvLZ/w9YpMQpwNpbJuLyx1F2/jGbXgbACUh5Dmr1pbNmB6YuxJ9ARJTw0nYLDeIH0NgpoyzbTOpiv3Kdn8jfQZ3LSH01Z9vsvY+Y/HbtG9h5PYxfYKYYGNtTd+XPno+v7Hrnu7WYV5vaU+sQg9PeqvWn+JVs60QHZ6ZMnTx5h6kJtr7dDoXaKezYARQpCzgRHsbzRxNpyt8dQYnhPX8QsbOAYddjYeJJxDShHv4m08oxacDcAMIKr5ExzcS/99DWJRdXzMMaylaZ0Ubf5GZxBO0x7OnzeqztMs3Rf2TG5XDyeBwb3o1t55Uadmznk15glf6TNaFUje6/Dtq79acKxDwxbqpLfwMy3IrzZjFxH3bAaMDqKcDUztbwQjf+PWH533N5o6G8td2A5dcGfjLUKcDeSa4128yFlvOjYKzgZgDhDY/AkM7qXvvoY2p3VStfkbqfBq2sNpwcILktaBHk5NB2xZcWZ2emTH16grlV0wLDqnTHOiuqoIiz2pebfp59s+U48usYsIbJyAsUGgs4FgMi2CB7507+6RTvobzTgbbJWzgf5XrVnR3dnAmq/8be6FBc4GYA4Q2/yJCu6l174GzbROlFpL0zqp2vyNVXg1HeCwqlOvHevhRDXPp8+YRw+u5j9JsOTyXD366NH49iOoLccHuZ1ceraiC4ltnIBxQaizgbC0su8bPBnVq075G02cDRXXdmjebfr5ts/Uo8teWOBsAGYB0c2/l98osaimsjwvKe5Ux9fZ6LGvQXta5+yWAqVStfkbqfBq2sP5thOzHfoaa6a8nd1619aUIuGVnnqDa+1oPFtNqwa5o49i6kFu39Z3AyW6cQJGBNHOBqaqUV49fZ/LSLuJqr2VtRNqAvoyvv3wK/LxvbA8uwa1MhMFnA3ALNBD8+8TNAlf5IieLwOHLTaqKPAPEi5opnW2sgCIqs3fiEpCm2Z6OJmH26e3muvhRE6/SFRdVpzZKSeAUNoXu0gPjRMwEvThbCDcPPuKhFVIeD16cJXDtTUSf0NYW5F8/ww6cHTp0UZXHDgbgBmgj+ZPo9HxtWUymSQh9njwoNkERWnpLOmp4RVlT7AWpnU2gKLN30iFV/MDHFrvduSMGuKDe3WC9sYu0tOzGTAG9ORsYMbnb0glQnwdk7Wti1/rXbwYOBuAWaCn5q9ZWyaorSAquFcnaXNaZwMo2vyNVXjpEaKDe3WcukFu3XcD1d+zGSAfvTkbmDH5G+3dCwucDcAs0FvzJz64VyfQTOv07jVEl+WWVG3+Zii8CA7u1WFSky7XDXIPbhK7qCX0+WwGKI1R+BuavbCYKkdcp72wwNkAgE5CcHCvjlLNf6qZ1unZNViXr1C1+Zuj8MIIDe7VMZDnUVaShakHuTmWPANfHTBDkMoJGjgr9jaJ/oYyMe6UoLaCTmf0HzJP1143cDYAoNMQGNyrYwhrK1Dzx3SZ1qkNRZu/mQovTN0B2zdkavK9f8qKM3Myo7v1GGSwS7dvkBsACILFsiQkuFfHQFdE18VUe2G9pGsXLwAABNGlW3+hgF9cmJaWcoVjaWNt62KwS7dvWqcZYL7CC8Gz88AX2+dl37OycjSME6BL7CIA0BPawb2QA2CwQYfs9Eh0RUy9FxaywTAXBQBAm97+owS1Fcj/Sbp3OjRsoWH8n/ZO6zQHzFp4YVqL7TsZ4VdHqquK8EHuZncDBQADoAnuZbBBhzb3wgIAwCBoz/U8Ejp0ob6De2mmdbLYHB2ndZoD5i68MAMuthfWViTVD3KTu7QEMHMM6W+Ul2bje2F17R7a0l5YAAAYBs3aMiSG9B/cS5kSfw6f1hkyaC65wZuMChBeKgyw2B4f5FYqlTDIDRgDhvE3qquKHiZexNRdvF7dQ/VxCQAA2oXBgnulJl/hV+RjMK2zCSC8cPS72B4GuQEjRN/+hlhUjXfx2jl0gS5eo0cp4ZfxJRib58hj01o9V1XOFyu1z8lqKyoFcoa1vb0ljCSZBAYI7gXTOlsBhFcd+gvupRnkxncDhUFuwGhQ+Rsxdw6gykm4v9G+vbAA8uGfm+Y8MwIbcaw8Ylb9Y7LqwnTn6eHYqFOV16fVB72pujjDedo15cgTFeEz7NRnhAmf9Qvdmtfri+TkL/vCaJKJoNfgXjCts3VAeD0DefxBoTPvRakW2z9+GN7bfzQRqSofJJyvi100GAa5AeNC7W/MjX3mb8wkJNn27oUFAIDhcXLtWVtblpd9Lycjmmvl4ODkTUiyleW5+LTOLt79YVpns4DwaoAlt26xfXFhmiWX13knIDX5SmV5HqYe5GZbWBNhIwAQCYv9LLgXIYMOSqUiPvY4UnIMJqv/kJf1vWwKIAi7GeFNYk3ypl1veu7Fq4qG5ywHbMlVbtGrcYCe6NZjkFBQWVac+TDxYv/Bczs/JlhdVYweoJh6Wqcho2OaFnBPbIwui+0VCnlVZQE6qCjLRX9lMgnS+CyWpZWNk/bHYJAbMAk0wb3aGHRQqh/CSgX+SiYTs5XWNFrjEXlVF29NuWovrEFzmNDFa0K0tL1d6+fxk8a9NR7QCpq5nvExx1oJ7oW3fplUjB8jVEXesPmrp3WexGBaZ1uA8GqGNhfb0+n0B4kXlIq6J5BcJkEPLb/A8XKFDB3bO3bFYJAbMCl08TcyH90qzE/RvIyPPobU1dBRbwhry7nWjvjJ9NRwvIs3cMB0/UVmAYgHPUG1t7fr8DFgerQd3EuhkEeG79K8lIhr71zf2bV7qIdXII3OpKvnhsK0Tt0B4dU8zS62l0qE9d4Azc3dX/shhODZe6bcO1NTU4oeYOjz+CC3Z9cgGOQGTII2/Q1Xz8Z13tnNRyoR3I8+2tt/tIu7L+yFZao0Uk7ouNkerGbPg+oyfdoM7oWklb1j14qyJ9onnd16P8mOKy3KCBk8h0FnwrRO3QHh1SLai+1DBs1BQkqhkAWEvIi/6+bZR/shZGXtKJOKkepCx+iTLBYHa+9uoABANo38DeRmJMWe6jdwFj6eiCo5OlBqPWXdu/TNzYpFB48fXi8pflxZlqdOZAjshWVi6L61sIlsQgy0l6bBvSrLc6v5RZrwex5d+2kLLwaDyWJZFjxJRMexdw6y2Vb4tM6QQXNhWmebwA/UCs86YOMi/1Kqp7bIpCKmWlRxrR1odLpmtNHLu/+TrBjNN6VSEZtj5dNnDCl2A0CH0fgb9+4eptOYMpmYX5FXP1ZOc/Xwf5r/QPNhNtv6acFD/BipLuRvOLn28uwaTIbhAAB0Cu3gXvejDgsElegZ18V7AO532fLctT/s0TWotDgDP5aj56Kcj/QWkm4QKFUXQHi1Bo3O8A0Ymxh7Slk/ofhpfgqqiPibbp59C3OT8PMcrl3J08fa35WIapHfEBAy1aAWA0BnoQX2fzH61n50M1VgcvQ669HtkCHz8PfcPPtohJeLm09Z/Z0XB/kbgtpy1FhgoAEATBEbW9fe/qMfP7yOVBemWkij0Phd6tHGLhXqXm2Eg3P35HunNV9UTbaXy2qqS2Bmpy7oUXjJZHJFvV4xUUpLC2Ki/tF0a6nO3L/t4OLPZLHQMZvrUVKhGmextOKlZzwsqRBrf9fLO6Bb70ESqdTANhsYGkZjsUC+U4oq/lOkujQv0S1YLKrG76fao43O7j6pSZcafdfSkgfCCwBMFmV5abb2a22/y8MrCBdeDAZTJhFq3yVUJ5ksOoQH1w09PjL37N+qkMv1lz5Z7D/4U+NTZaLMJ0WNzhWWxUbHxRrIJvJgs5gvjBkDo0s4qelZCfHXyLaiU0ilEqGgutHJtNzdVla2+HFtjUAuV91w0wtOSsRCzWfoDIaFBTevPD02Od1g1pKFf2/ffkHDybYCMC72Hz7MYdaSbUUnUGK1tVV469aiKiXrVxaLjY7kcnltTRU6YLLYyZlHtLskmCwLjgUjp/hfgxpMEi9OnNnJ+FB6FF6WbMaH25P0lz5gDHi6OQwbWEy2FcZCbu7jK5GPYx5WkG0IoF92fuGNnk8MBotsQwAjwopRvGFvStufA0yc0ECfnr7PdSYFGCQCACLh10iLykVkWwHoFzodJBfQGKUSg7ZvDjQJGt1uQHgBAAAAAAAYCBBeAAAAAAAABgKEFwAAAAAAgIEA4QUAAEApzp49O2XKFLKtAACgeUB4AQAAUASFQrFy5cpu3bqB8AIAowWEFwAAABUoLy8fPXr0b7/9NnjwYLJtAQCgRUB4AQAAmDw3b95cvXp1RESEnZ0d2bYAANAaILxMGma3MRNn81J2ncrkm/bmTACgO1DtG6BUKj/55BOhUHj37l06HTZrAigMRdo+CC+Thtlt7NQ1nsLDpzP5ZJsCAIYCqv0zampqXnjhhU8//RT9JdsWANA3FGn7ILx0gsZgW2ASkdHsPGls9gCUxNiqmbHZQzr3799ftGjRtWvXXFxcyLYFoBTG1taMzZ5OQj3hZTlm6/ZDvEMzj3t9smLEAEdlXtSZlV+cibcf+tWnc+YF8LDilP+t/3VLXHV9CTI9h0/d8OaY8b1smNKK2Aun1m6LSBEo69Kx+3vZZe/3Fg8KtC//36KPNmVYhi1+dfPi/j254uzIi+uPW236PujIgo++yZC1mlRTaLw+YzeumTKtjx0bw4SlueF/7XjzUJ5Y9Y5l36nzNr0aNtiNrazOv/z3kY/2JRTKsObsWR+xePPfoy0wbFHs7UXoEwV/fjH0f9lig/zKgJFhPtX+y4jF30O1R2zdujVeDZNJvds4oDvm0/ap88ijaIvtPXX7/LR9P2//1bLPylUz9n9lfdvdt/bM4eV/cUcunf/+ppejZu26WYPqB81x+CsXvh8uun5y9Y4MvkPft9575bSD+LkPIwvx8WP/l76pPffBu2uThGxGGeY9690jb3aJPbj7i7tVDqHjv/60hzum2Yu+raS04fqu37JwYtb5jz9IypZaenb3GWptwVC9wegy9e2z6/yz/jn82vUSbuDzny9b/Y/tpjFb0qqUTe2pLfrhq5U2X/3kfm7amltPFZikqkJikF8XMFLMotoLoNqLRKIXX3xx2bJlq1atItsWwDgwi7ZPnUceRYUXo3TL+78deIokfkKGS9D1paNtN3zw2rly9PpqvtO434fP7Mm+mSDGWJ6vvDvc/v6+oZ+G56ncgeSoItuoH2cs8I75PlOdjjxjw5enL5aq65FFj01Legsu//DK9sRKVCdiHxU4bj6miZXTWlKyRtax7L2Defxj208eSlZXm6i4v/E3LLoufz2AHrVj/jeRqFZhkSmprE2XF7w06Y//Hi5pYg9CUF4kVGDi6vyCkjyq9MECHQeqvRmQnp4+ffr0s2fPent7k20LYDRA2zcpKCq8smJulODFIitILUPFdSauEn8teZqdj73gxVOpbYajzwQv7P7u+/l1Rajkp0Tfk4aN6M39IVOqOpETH1NZV+RMx55DnGQxlx5X4kpcKYy/nFo7xRt/t7WkckQ2XFbdduYyUZVQLq3ISaziLfhoaeHBO1diH6WWShR1l+gV5qyM25ZcVHdNSdqVmPxFY8Z6s+tqoZY9ANAYqPZU5/fffz969Oi9e/fYbDbZtgDGBLR9k4KiwkssENUPNCvlCiUmqap/rVTI5RiNyVDVCoaVvQ2GBa7/X+H6Bt9+aG/BwNS1UFQjrC90OtfWChOW1DyrBLIafnX9cStJ2YYsjPt5sDX+OmG7/5vRFYLUT1burV05+Z0vh32MYdXpUZv/+8fulFq6pa01JkrnSzWD5PKa8krMwskatRlFI3sAoDFQ7amLVCpdtGjRyJEjz507R7YtgPEBbd+koKjw0g2FgF+DyaO++/rD+yLt06LSchlW51Aqn324qhazdLZ+FiaHac2z0SGpauXJuW9dw5NTVOVXq1JUVj+K+HhlxDqWTe+QgW+8u+irH8QJM/bGCapqMI4zD/kKdY2GYW3Pw8RZNcinoDWyBwA6BlR7k6OwsHDMmDFHjx7t27cv2bYAJgy0fSPBrIWXrDTtSj7jtUH2FadiS9qS1bKyjKhS5qzxvXh3kviqSYqWQWN9rTCxDkkVxt0vbDZNpbT6UfS1DbsGzv/Gq7sV7W55+u1i2uKpAS7XI9Vdr2yfMYO6KHK+z5ZgmEXzVknkGIttQWtXvgGzBqq9aXH69Olt27bFxsZyuVyybQFMG2j7RoJZCy9Mmrd7682Xv3/7zKYzP198lCvhuHp2HR7mcue73w43rTbinF37Hy96f8XuwgPb1Us8PhnFwjCRou2kGk8CtPCZcfBd5+hrSYm5FSLrbrOW+9NzTiegqi198tvu5MXrXv9zrfWW68XcgOc/W+Kce3TX+dKWmog0/0EpNj5swajM84ViQUn+w2IJJf0DgEig2psICoVixYoV7u7u165do9FM/FEDGAPQ9o0D8xZemLLs1r4JKws+Wz5uwzcvWmIyfmHu7etXE5vfjECedfzHeVbLvluy/PBSaX7slQ3fVm3c6F1Z10XajqTk5Vn3a/q99Mag93ksTFHzKPLcK9+feagaYZfnnf15Cn3eplfm7pnGwqoLLu/dsnZf/cLa5kzKPX/g28Gvr9z48QpTDmoCGBao9iZAWVnZ2LFjd+zYATteA8QBbd8ooJ7wEl5d9aqb1uuqm9+6D9F+HTN9yBKt1/KimPNvo39tpaNCUX37923DfsdfMHsv3eBUnZVUrlH3LSXVGFlp/Ka18ZuafU8hTD6178VT+5q80Zw9KosebV39wda2rghQHaj2lOLGjRurVq0KDw/n8Xhk2wLoilJJSucLtH3Tg3rCS4+wPMPWTOE+SMjNr2V1DR398XKPjN933BeSbRYA6BOo9oYE3/FaLBbHxMTAjtcmQWVlZWxs7JEjR0aP9iPbFoKBtq8nQHi1B7ncrv/EzUucbOmYrDLvyp4t6/bliNr+GgCYMlDtDUVNTc348eM///xz2PHayEEllZiYeOrUqUOHDk2dOnX27NmbN2++cvkPsu0iGmj7+gGEVzuQPr27dvndtWSbAQCGBKq9Ybh3794rr7xy5coV2PHaOBGLxampqWfPnt21a9fgwYPnz5+/Zs2a7777jmy79Ai0fT0BwgvoFFKJHCNnZgMAUAd8x+u4uDjY8dqokMlkmZmZly9f3rlzJxLESBkvXrx43bp1sMgU6AzQyIFOUV5Zef/e3cPHIydNmtSnTx9ra2uyLQIAU0IoFE6bNu2NN96AHa+NBIVCkZeXFxERsXfv3srKSlQ0EyZMeOuttxgMBtmmARQBhBfQKVxdHPsFhY4cFxwVFbVly5abN28ijxCJsKCgIFtbW7KtAwCjBna8Nh6Kioru3Llz4MCB+Ph4JLbQTezixYsWFs2H8QSAzgDCC+gsDCbTw8NjphqlUllcXBwTE/POO+9cunRp7ty5yJsPDg62t7cn20wAMC727Nlz5swZ2PGaRCoqKuLi4o4cOYI01sKFC9HNCgkvKysrsu0CKA4IL4BIaDSaq6vrFDWYOggkuq998sknx48fnzFjBlJmISEhzs7OZJsJAGSi2fH61KlTZNtidmgWJCKNhZQWviBx165dZNsFmBF6FF7durj+8d/F+ksfMAZYLFSFWgwd7OjoOF7NL7/8gpzLhISETZs2HT58eMKECUiEDR482MXFhUrTVJkspr2dTVcP6uRIF6QyWVFxqaO9naUlh2xbDERnpvvk5+ePGzcOuSL+/v4EmgS0gmEWJNIZ9K4e4FUCbaNH4fXcyLliUbX+0geMBI6lTnO57O3tR6nZunVrVVVVUlLSjz/+v707gYsx/+MAPkf3qZLS7QrrKEdJjg4ilCOhhFSsY90q1rHkiCX3TSk5wuZcxxabWnSQI/RHFKFNIl265vr/mqFNl45pjvq8X728mmd+83t+z9OY+cw8z/f57SAfOs3MzJydncmroZaWlriHMIu+A3VUhT0IYSgsLHj86L5hx59atGgW2y8hSaXTJevxQMx4LTCCL0i0thzZvfPLRuocRIeqepsG9tCIwYtGo8vKtWi8/kF8KSkp9ePy9fXNz89/+vTp4cOHAwICunfvTkKYubm5rq6uOF62m0aX6PCTtbBHIRztOlmRP1xkZCTO56sSm82eMWOGvr4+ZrxuPGQnv337NioqKjAwMDs7m+xwQRYkqqjpkR8BrAjEHc7xAiFTUFAw4Vq5cmVhYeGzZ89CQkKCgoJ0dHQmT548YMAA8l6FQm7RJy8vf+vWLfJ3vHv3rqKiorCHI1ow43WjQkEiiBcELxAhsrKyPbiWLl1aXFyclJR08eJF8uGVvJGTEGZlZdWmTRtJyfoc4gEBIH+mmJiYgQMHkgSG0rAykZGRixcvjoqKwgVW+Ojz58/x8fGnT59GQSKIHQQvEFHkA2s3rgULFpSUlKSkpERERAQFBTEYjKlTp1pbW7dv3x4fakWNiopKeHi4ubl5XFycjExzOde+Opjxmr9QkAhNA4IXiAEpKalOXDNnzmQymampqZGRkfPmzUtPT3d3d7exsTE0NJSVlRX2MKGUurr61atX+/TpQ9JGc75CFUkJ5OPB+vXryfNT2GMRYyS2Pn36lFeQaGZm1hxmSIQmD8ELxIyEhEQ7Lg8PDzab/ebNm+jo6GXLlpFXZxLCbG1tO3fujCMOwqWlpXXx4kVLS8uoqKjmeWgYM143ROWCRFdX1+XLl6MoAZoGBC8QYzQazYCLfA4mISw9PT0mJmbDhg3x8fG8mYu6du2KE72FQl9f/8iRI1ZWViR7NbfaCD8/v8ePH5Ps1dw2vCF4BYmRkZGHDx/Ozc0VcEEigCAheEETQUKYtra2IxeHw8nIyIiLi5s9e3ZERISzs7O9vb2xsbGysrKwh9mMdOjQYd++feTtMzw8vJmc4VQ247Wnp6ewxyIeKhckkmcLzt2Epg3BC5ogKpWqqak5iovczMzMjI+P9/b2vnjxIollo0ePJiFMTU1N2MNs+rp167ZhwwbyVyB7vskfJ3r58qWdnV1YWJi+vr6wxyLSeAWJJ0+e/Ouvv6ZMmYKCRGhuELyg6VNXVx/GdeDAgaysLPLZ2sfH59SpUyNHjnRwcOjVqxdOxGk8JiYmnp6e48ePP336dBPOXgEBAZcvX3706FFzrieoQeWCxC1btpCdJuxxAQgBghc0L6qqqtZcO3fuzMnJSUhI8PPzCwkJsbCwcHR0NDMz09DQaML5QCjIvi0oKHBzcwsKChL2WPiPwWBMmjTJ0tLy7Nmzwh6LaEFBIkCVELyg+VJWVh7IRd4M8vLyEhMT9+7dGxgYaGJiQt4k+vTpo62t3UxOTmpsw4YNKywsnD17NtnDwh4LP717987W1vaPP/7AjNc8TCbz5cuX169fR0EiQHUQvKCJeBd11MTGo1jLKe1VsGzdX+QVFRXNuNasWVNQUEA+qQcHBwcEBJA3VCcnpwEDBujq6qLAqiEcHBxIuvX09PTz8xP2WPjjwoULW7duvXPnTkNmvG7g81YUCLggsQnsMWjmELygaWCH/L7/99h/J/dQa/hHa/I+2ouLfFIvKipKSkoKDQ0NCgpSV1efNGmShYWFgYGBhAT+79SZq6vrvn37fvvtN5JuhT2WBmGxWDNnzmzbti1JGw37Loefz1sBe//+fXR09LFjxwRbkCjGewyAB28eIEKKPjzzcHA4cfuV05LNvd+c0/ottFP4ykClBTunti+9m100xdj2t+gb7RWoJZ9Tf/3ZdVtolFY3u5Azu59t/sX7arTkPz8lB8T6TGjLxyHJyMh05/L09CwuLk5OTibvLgEBAeTTvJubm5WVFXn3xfnUtTdr1iw/P79NmzZ5e3sLeyz1VHnGaxF83jYSfhUkNp89BlAZgheIDEbOWPPJi67GHO+gnPHggqFJ1IFVMt1cZtwaEchwXS9JpRS9u/PcwLmtApXC+jK5r/3Y4+HsPzQL0x+Y9Jl9/XnIhjej+x8J76/RiE9p8mn+J67Zs2czGIzXr19HRkZOnz49Ozvbw8Nj0KBBhoaGuATRD43r2bLjYPeVaw58zk2WE7cz6CIiIpYuXfrdjNci/7xtoPz8/ISEhLNnz544cYI/BYlNfY8B1AzPXRAV2Y8u51qssu5Qeo1TjR72G+3NKRSqhFrnEXJxCZ+YvVtKxBwKmOS9jbxTF72Nfd5mpmMvTdJStnWPe89CJaQFffaVpKRkBy4SvFgsVmpq6q1bt7y8vFJSUtzc3GxtbTt16oTpI6vCPu13aE9s2sOjG08eCXR3cxP2eGqrbMbr2NjY8iUX4vW8raXKBYlLliwheYsvnTfJPQZQewheICqyXyVrd7D/dtoGrZOhbkbpLxI/L7Rddzqp58+6uy7kHFipShYVfEhT0mlX9tYnLUfyDVsYQ/6KTqe35ZoyZQqbzU5LS7t9+7aPj8/Dhw9JCBs+fHjnzp0VFBSEOEK+a/ChIiOv/f/cjd6ppKjo6Ogo7K35sby8vEGDBm3YsIH8W+Eu8X3eVsArSLx27dqBAwc0NDQaryCxyewxgPpB8AJRoWzQJu3qOw7FmPuKzHmRksY7lqMzeOKLwVv/16tbQf+fW3JPppJT18p594K8APNekV/fjZX5SVSK+Wk0mq6urhMXh8NJT0+Pi4vbsmXLzZs3ydsYCWHdu3f/7yiVmOLXoaJJe93d3aWlpe3t7YW9STWpecZrsX7eVi5ItLW1nT17dqMW8Ir1HgNoOAQvEBUqRiNkbwy9+cpiYBvFrKfXl52/vXtd6XKqbOtJ7Z7YjwrZ+s8L3qdkGT0zw1delx6PG9mtZWHGk/HOvhceHRPq2KtGpVK1tLTGcJEQlpmZeefOnQULFoSFhY0bN2706NFGRkYqKirCHmad8fFQUUBAAEmoCgoKVlZWwtmYH9m4cWNSUlINM16L4/OWV5AYHBz88OHDmTNnCniGRHHcYwB8hOAFIkNS5fytABd7I4v76U6eq8b06igtyXv5pY5d6Lbw2tkh7b9dLYmucDzm3MJJw0ddie9q4Xri5qnWcqJeV0hCWKtWrey4KNzKOPJevnz58nPnzpFYRkJYz549W7ZsKexh1gofDxWR3XLy5MlRo0bJysqamZkJbhtqoWzG66VLl9bUTkyet1lZWffu3StfkHj8+HHhzJAoJnsMoJEgeIHIYDNYLTqdu5fCvcHaYBuuLv/1OwblHhNy0ieUbyulYrDn8p095ZYs/StCUAPlAzU1NRuuvXv3ZmdnP3z4cMOGDeRNkSxxdHQ0MTEhKU1kL/bN30NFZDPPnz8/ZMgQPz8/Y2NjAW5HTV68eGFvb3/t2jVdXd0fNBXh5y3/CxL5QoT3GIAAIHiBqGAX/quoYMD7PTvpxpEXGnNaSlDKwgeH8/WX2iwRKy1atLDkIm+Kubm5T5482bFjx9GjR/v16zd+/HgzM7PWrVuLVAjj+6EiGo0WFhZmYWHh7+/fqVMngW5MVeo047WoPW+LioqePXvWSAWJfCFqewxAwBC8QFTQFAzexZ53GO9+900Ox9DqGVkkcbJur8K8JeL8oqykpGTO5evrm5+f//TpUxICAgMDu3btSt5ByXIdHR3hTx/ZCIeK6HT6jRs3BgwYcOLEibZthXZhTAaD4eTkZGNjU/sZr0XheSuwgkS+EIU9BiBECF4gMjgcHQrlTuqn6u6tzxJxpqCgYMK1cuXKwsLC58+fk1ASFBSkp6fn4uJCMoq+vr5wpo9snENFkpKS//zzD9ney5cvk3zZKCOvUT1nvBbS85ZXkEjSKsnlAitI5A/8T4fmDcELQAzIysoacy1durS4uDgpKenSpUvkHZeEsylTplhYWLRp04YEF8EMpvEOFUlJScXFxZHsdf36dQ0NDb6PvAbnzp3bvn373bt3Rfyyt5ULEp2dnTFfAoAYQfACEDPkXbYb17x580pKSl69ehUREREUFMRgMNzc3Kytrdu1a9eo78SNeqhIRkYmNjaWZK+bN2+qqak1zhZ8hzfjNdlpDZ7xurFkZWWRRHj69GleQeLo0aOFVpAIAA2G4AUgxqSkpDpykejAZDJTU1OjoqLmzp2bkZExdepUGxsbcheJMnxeayMfKiKRgmQvU1PTuLg4ZWXleg+zNj59+mRpaXn48GES9Rp1RXUlogWJANBgCF4ATYSEhEQ7Lnd3d94JQLdv316xYkViYiJZMmzYsE6dOonL1yRKSkoxMTH9+vUjCazxZluKiIhYtmwZ2UsiMpdAUVERb4bEgwcPmpubi2BBIgA0HIIXQBNEo9H0ucibNwlh6enpJMH4+vrGx8e7urqSENa1a1dFRUVhD7MmKioqN27cMDU1vXfvHt/Pu+JwOCRylZSUREdHC7dKtHJB4tSpU0lcFs2DngDQcAheAE0cCRba2tpjuUjgyMjIiIuLmzNnzvXr111cXOzs7IyMjBr7iF79qKurk0RiZmZ2584dPp61lpubO2TIEBJDra2t+dVnnZQVJPr7+3/58kWcChIBoMEQvACaESqVqqmpOYqL3MzMzLx//763t/fFixcdHR3HjBljbGysqqoq7GH+h0TGCxcu9O/fPzo6mi9lmzXPeN14eJG3QkHi33//jYJEgOYGwQug+VJXVx/KdeDAgaysLBIIVq9efebMGTs7u9GjR/fu3Zs0EPYYKQYGBsePHx8wYMCtW7ckJOr/kkWiz++//56cnFzDjNd8xytIPHXqVFhYGAoSAYCC4AUAPKqqqtZcO3fuzMnJefTo0ebNm0NCQiwtLR0dHfv06aOhoSGsE48MDQ0PHjxoY2Nz/fr1+mWm2s54zQ95eXlk75UvSNy6dWuLFi0ae70AIBYQvACgImVl5QFcmzZtys/Pf/Lkyf79+wMDA3v37u3s7Ny3b9/WrVsL+Jz07t27k8GMGDHiypUrdV31s2fPHBwcwsPDG++C+ChIBIBaQvACgJooKCiYca1evbqgoICEmKCgIBLCOnbs6OLiQkKGnp6eYEKYiYnJ0qVLx40bFxoaWvvv3ngzXj98+LA2M17XCZPJfPHixbVr10jYQkEiANQSghcA1JacnFxPruXLlxcVFSUlJZ09e/bw4cMkdkycONHS0lJfX78hp2H9EFlFfn7+5MmTjx079sPGDAZjwoQJw4YNq/2M1z9UuSCR9P/LL7+gIBEAagnBCwDqQ0ZGpjvXokWLSkpKkpOTw8LCAgMDSQSZOnUqSUht27bl+5dMhJ2dXXFx8fTp0w8dOlRDs3rOeF0VDofDmyHx6NGjKEgEgAZC8AKAhiIBqzPX7NmzGQzG69evo6KiSDbKzc318PCwsrIyNDTkY0wZO3Zsfn7+ggULtm/fXmWDM2fO7N69u4EzXqMgEQAaA4IXAPCTpKRkB65p06axWKzU1NRbt255e3u/evVq6tSptra2HTt2bPiV6F1dXfPy8pYtW+br61t+edmM1xEREfU414r0mZCQQHLbiRMnxowZg4JEAOA7BC8AaCx0Or0t15QpU9hsdlpaWnR09OrVqx8+fOjh4UFCWOfOnes9FeOcOXM2b968bt26FStW8JZ8/PjRysqKV31Z+34qFyT++uuv27Ztq9+oAABqhuAFAIJAo9F0dXUncPHOmoqNjSX55vbt2y4uLiNGjOjWrVvtJ6tmMBgk1Xl5eZEYRzpZuHBhREQE6ScuLk5PT++HD+cVJIaFhZGw1bp1axQkAoDAIHgBgKCRfEPizhguEsIyMzPj4+MXLFhAkpCTk5O9vb2RkZGKikoNPQQHB9+/f3/Pnj0keM2dO5e0l5CQIGHuw4cP1QUvNpv95s2byMjIsoJEkvbIY1GQCACChOAFAMJEQlirVq2Gc5Gbnz59IolqxYoVZ8+e5SWznj17qqmplX8Ii8WaN29eQUGBrq6ujY0NiWvkUVlZWeSuI0eOlD/OWFaQSJY/evQIBYkAIHQIXgAgQkjGsuHas2dPdnZ2QkKCr6/vyZMnhw4d6uDgYGpqqq6ufu7cOZK6SGPeyVgyMjK81EUcPHhw+/btOTk5FQoSQ0JCUJAIAKIAwQsARFSLFi0suLZs2ZKbm/vkyZOdO3cGBgZ++PChrA2JXGw2u+xmSUmJqqqqs7MzChIBQDQheAGAGFBSUjLnMjMzs7e3L1vOZDIrtJw/f/6aNWsEOzoAgNpC8AKoGkfYA4DKmAzGggULam4TcePGajabKtg5vEF0oDAVRByCF0AVouMfZL75J+dLxW9TQOgWe05NSU5NTnmbkvwmOTk1P7/0ZC9ZOZn27Q3at9fv0MGgXTu9Y8dxFa7mq6WK4oABIxWVNYU9EICqIXgBVIHN/HI2Ki0sLkPYA4HqaFBkNOS7mFDf/49Kl5RVb/+BQv2QRolOK6REPhf22ECYZjtb9uzxCcELRBaCFwCIMTnNn4Q9BACAOkDwAgAAABAQBC8AAAAAAUHwAgAAABAQBC8AAAAAAUHwAgAAABAQBC8AAAAAAUHwAgAAABAQBC8AAAAAAUHwAgAAABAQBC8AAAAAAUHwAoB6kDJevPmvkclOw3ZGFtTcUqbf2u1n2p7rMyUslVVzSwn9QcPGKSceOp+Sw66+FU228+ARi8abWfykrkSjsPI/Poq/d+rU1RMPPpfUfTNqp3YDq5Xa7w0AaJoQvACgUbELMv59LplfwvlhSwn9wfae2oUnL6TkVNeErmL363J/O/X0e5EHtiYlZ1OUtdtY21pt3NdFeuxvB9IaKcvUYmC1Vfu9AQBNE4IXADSqkge711jwpytaa9tpe+xUH+xbNS74df7X7HL7yNEz3YYN1CjmzzoaGR/3BgCIJQQvAOAHqmwXeydfd/M+mlKcvLTw06eWBiakMynfH1yTHbRtz/EWpyZf0fd0NzNSoee8uL1u9ZFjycUcbrPTVtIUyuT425PJw/49sarvztffpSlJjfGTu0qnX/YKKUtdXOzCx5fDHv93W0K7v/3amYOGtFeUYHyOv3p+yfaoxALygBrWXsMmVB7Y6tFJ42//Jr3cYX3w+6/fscl0nhgT2O/mL4vn3aOWrkUldFZU+4UuvQwVWB8eR61dFxKayvuSq8KhxhqHRFM0n+K+eUrPdnLFr2P+8jkj7+tndMpl6cZkZmP9EQGg8SF4AUDD0XXs51xa1vnVxZPTbmTKdbP+zWPRRSXfQVuf51Y+ptbZYeOnC4tmLExk6U71Wbh5Q2a8y7mnjOL4LWvmKq7Z1fryKM9b79mUktyK52xRFQ0GGVAyz95PrulkLqpaf7erfv2LbpxbtD85R7XLrAVuF1SLB3jHpLNrWHsNm5BUeWAZtPDrxQvcBrUMOZ5R+lCKjNEY89aZMYGJRSRLlS7o5Lg2O3Sa88FHHN3Jyxft2kP/4BwYlVfN8cWqh0Q3GDv/1Eyd+GP+q+JyVXsPWb+ibWvKl7r/aQBAtCB4AUCDSevNmN6VFrt/4sYYEk0oMYnPJH3DXRyHB284mVmpceHTleuuRmWTFJKzd3eMx37TwVoXn6ayirOzMgrZlOK8tH8z31V1spaEcis1CuXj21zGtyU0CSlZSRrvd1ZJcRGLQ5HUdpvfX+VBYN8VkdxOnsRmKMXuGONicNcvpaa117gJlQf21D8i/8yYfu1On33GIImwg7u14us/IktzFw87Zb3vX7GZpKMX/uuP256f5m19/taFrKrPQatySO/1f3btUBC+xW3Po9J74pP+VdscalfPvw8AiA4ELwBoKAm19ubqnHvbn2R8LforeX7tbtrkQYMNpKoIXm+fPPr2PRgjKz2TYqSnRCfBqR6rNXRfH+neinfj4fr5w//MpqoZDtWlPPB/8O08e05O4p37DPOBHeS2pDBqWHvdNoFSdO/M7fQRA1w6XFr5P4Zqb5uhCu82XUn/75u4Nw/vZH3tiJX9IjyVusRcS/ZCVn6V21HVkCQY7cxaMu+Gvcjm3cMpfBj+7IudQd33EgCIFgQvAGgomqySAqXoZQ6j7FgaKz8rmyLdUqGqRMUsLvvKisJmcyg0SRq1Nmth5nz4RKG00VWSpHzgnuXESr24Z9RdGUm1XlvWDeG1ocurKFIo3Xx2pvt899inKtJ0CqOGtddtE0jyehF1LHWo+5g2G59lDBrfVSrx6IXyNZWF+QVlF55gF2cVUWRayEmS9VR5sLGqIdHklOQphZn5/12+gpmfk1eLvQQAIg7BCwAail2Qm0+RUVcm0aKIFy3oCirKlOJX+fy8vgMn7/X115RlZj3aSb18UvrlEqfw/eu49xS6plbufyPJyaewYjet935QVO6h7KKPWUyKFD83gfH+j9DXi2cM7vfHcw9jzu3V99PLX+JLSa0FnfJ1CV1eR4lSlFLAqMslJMh4vlBk1RVoZUskFJQV69ABAIgoBC8AaChm1svbH6hT7Lu2uhHDPVQnZTjIVIed6vea5KOa4k7FfkpYFEkp6eq+/2Jk/HE0cfHKYZuc744P/r6wsayHj8+vpdGnmap8Ph+fWZeLnda8CVUNjJV2Izx2nsdq745tix65xuZ+tzZt0xF6F55yyw+ldHqN0uUkHk8vrMNwKMxPybEfJcYOaa8c/TiHU1pxaTS4ozxFPK6ZAQA1QPACgAYrfnPQ/8mUZdNPLFHYeuODXFfrla7qb/84dOVjnS70zkj730fKEHMXy5Qr6cUFmWlPP1S4zig7/a9Dv/Rc4T/L55ZZ1PEbL5M/M6RatDLuP7AbpTgsj1XamPHOf9tNZ785f/r+ufuvpLclMhraev3NW0VvOngyvd6bUPXAWJ8SDsYygwYoZ1+9Fp3z/UhZ8tN+n1G0L+oxR2/i3LGGWTedI6o5s77a8aQeOvJi8uLZ/ulH93CrGpdbSlIoRQ29cj4ACBuCFwDUh6QUncJkfDt8xnp3abcdzcnXbULAKElK3r/hh7cuCazqWhI1Yb29cvT3PtPnrvt1dpXX8Spt8vnS+hWD7tgtHG82Y4GFAo3C/lI6ZZD3rCshD3hXa+B8uhU4dO6/K2fYrN04UpbCzEl/e/vG349+PNdPDZtQzcA4X+Iuv2QO0D535mXFs6+eX5h1qc0yb88VypSPiZHz1x6PrOO+ICt9dWaHk7zHJtcZJ6cy0uKvrf09d906g+wiXPMeQLwheAFA3dHk2rZVpGSlZ5Zdy5Nd+OR84MjzgZWaFt1eOVPz6++Ffy901yx3H+PdVQuzq2U32XlJ2xZ5bat51ezCxLA/poX9UX0LVsbdK3PIT8XlP1h79ZtQzcCocj1s2kqkXT/6vPKFxYr+d/6gzdmDlZeX2xs/GhI773bQ9n5BvBsSHaaubZn36nEdvzgDAFGD4AUAdUGVad/XZHCf/ou6UV4F3XvN+PEj+Oh9XDDvF80+U4S5xMxDo61ex58GnhgsR25GfNfmAMX8QOlvffmzrhnz16d9kdTrbbV3pjZlFuVcuTYAII4QvACgLujKQ+dMW6mf8+Di4QVH3tV0DXl+I1lEyHmrbElsACW29JdX1w9P8olMLinfZkbpLEDKgQldpjdwXZKafdb5jD9grF56259y1X/LMu4sTOX3AwCIHQQvAKgLZsaeia57hLHm8mmjcvIQzpLlkZXafDt62OB1Md7HLZkRt6RsyaGE6h4FAGIEwQsAAABAQBC8AAAAAAQEwQsAAABAQBC8AAAAAAQEwQsAAABAQBC8AAAAAAQEwQsAAABAQBC8AAAAAAQEwQugCiY9esnR3nu7KQh7IPBjf16OsB9hLexRgKhgc5jyCmrCHgVAtRC8AKogLS3b09RR2KOAWunaY9jS5ZuEPQoAgFpB8AIAAAAQEAQvAAAAAAFB8AIAAAAQEAQvAAAAAAFB8AIAAAAQEAQvAAAAAAFB8AIAAAAQEAQvAAAAAAFB8AIAAAAQEAQvAAAAAAFB8AIAAAAQEAQvAAAAAAFB8AIAAAAQEAQvAAAAAAFB8AIAAAAQEAQvAAAAAAFB8AIAAAAQEAQvAAAAAAFB8AIAAAAQEAQvAAAAAAFB8AIAAAAQEAQvAAAAAAFB8AIAAAAQEAQvAAAAAAFB8AIAAAAQEAQvAAAAAAFB8AIAAAAQEAQvAAAAAAFB8AIA8cPhcD5//lx2Mysri/yrqqoqvBEBANQKghcAiB8qlTpw4MDExETeTTU1NQcHhzNnzgh3VAAAP4TgBQBiKTAw0NTUtOzmrl27hDgYAIBaQvACALFkYmLSpUsX3pdeEyZM0NLSEvaIAAB+DMELAMRV2ZdeO3bsEPZYAABqBcELAMQV70uv3r17a2hoCHssAAC1guAFAGIsMDDQwMBA2KMAAKgtBC8AEGMmJibCHgIAQB0geAEAAAAICIIXAAAAgIAgeAFA1VhF2RePHty288DNJykUioz5sPGLvL1GWXSVoNatH2ZeZjpLRbcF315t+N5heV/ePpjsOOHcnRfy6gP/9zpST67i1pZvkPjqeuZWV/O1SW/z4jWkKX97jx6+IzuzIFKJ3hhDA4CmAMELAKqQGhXcbZB7HoulqGvsOv3nksyUq38ed7warNJm1J17oe1VavvSwcpKbK1hvCn+s1sLBb4MjO8dft97/ljjQWFZBSNdZ3TW6a4uUyljft+glSw9k/+DAICmDMELACp6fyvIwNKthb7dw1snjHQUvy7lsBKuHBwwam53A5uk9AidSl8FVYlV+Okjk8nHsfG9w/LYX94/zMt33nL3xCKjWjboveJ40XIKjdZIIwKApgbBCwC+V/Jx5LC5Sq0dXiSFtpQql66odKMRs17eUtToO9lx3tkY/7F1POQoDjjMYjbbsGOrOjSgUmlNcEcAQGNB8AKA77wLC7ibn7/pwr7vUtc3rcyc1w3avCro15TtDu0UqFWc1cT6YqWm/WV86J2Dgx9v/7n7wkNkmbux4nR6h+fZz8lDYlZNsAtWTLy74qjPktV7Qxmymh5e69cvmaIq8/Vbo+r6zB93fHenM2aegRU6LD+8V6Fr2o3feuNdpoWWZNlCdv4rA7VOlpvig+d3495mxFw8smzVhshHKfKaXZet3+Y5dbAUjXPYaYDHqdvkfh87LR8KxfNU6ubxeuX6rrpB/NqJZed4VcRh3f3ziPcyn8jEN4pa3bxXb/J0t5XB6V8AzRuCFwCUxwk7/ied3tGxj3o1DehTF05e8bfXnw8/L+ivWnNfHSb9dl5GfvSs7U5rj3jZmep+OzqZ9fpIO40jzr4hyZn72Z9fLx49Smfbkedpf+vK13TEjkqV+Gny6vPyypU7LKM/zFVfyndXUILFst5lC9+EH0tjqsxz6Vx6g1Uwr5/xrrgXQ9yWnlxp/CwiZLmHTVDo5ieXF43ZFKQ1MmS4y29Ws3dudO+n2751hfX/qMH3OCXrR/ddcfG+9RSvU2v6/JtwbfnMEbt2eCQ9PKiM112AZgwvAABQHvPmnVfS8r01ZKs9fqZuVDo9YmxsGuVHwUumpc4w+zGUWduH2Dv0NCp/Ljxz6KqoQ0sGlq5DVeXE3XvmrdqNX3gx+uDoGo/a0RVb6VXT4Vc0ed35g7v67NtZuDRY9muKYwVsCdE0mmbUsvTl7kngyl1xr3bfSPvFkjuptuMEV7stbUZ4Hb8/3a1X+yEjxinTfQYMdzTpVUWoUtH7QYPynh9fveLi490R736x0i697TB25swZHQzMJq6edHndwJofCwBNGIIXAJTDYWfmFEmrqNOrT0B0WUUpKvVj5pd6r4ROb7NhYf+yNVBl1DctGj7Id+PH3aPVperdKw/NZcnPiywW30orttEtPfjHykn2v/ty0rGfSw89ckr8Np7S7LboZwutsgcY2M6JDOtpoC/TwBV/h1Oy7rcjOibLZ/BSF5dM6x67p1lN2OKTs/pvfOkF0Gzhfz8AlEdTkpVk5Odyqm/BKi4o4XDU1OTqvQ7ZFr30FL47qtihvzmT+dfzz0x1jYa+KKn3GWsst2in/30bn77kZsqlI5ls/ZnDdSmlcSj7Xvpnw+kjJMvHSpq0xRCrBq60Ak7Rx7j0rBK5lMtXrkh/q3jkcJjRb98zSjJSclk9VHGqF0AzheAFAOVQJaz7tg09/+xjEUenmqONWYn3yL+mfbSqvLc2pJVbVjiZS1JOgcP5klPMrnef/5FS/dXZzGP/ji+r+srTmPu2nm5jPb8N7xx8ZlE+i2XYSokPa6kRh/Elh8X6kBg8ekRwhbuoVPnPRTXEWgBo4hC8AKA86nD3scxQz5CYTC/rKq+qwD65I5hOb2vXs/QELyqVBBo2u3yQYDMK2T/IT4Wf0lnkIeVyXd6/76hUJTVZer37LL8JwxbPz/Of8M+bIhul5COPXi+75vQ150nIKNDpnzLzat1VPVElZORpNIf1D84sM27sdQGAeEHwAoDvaA9276+0xme82+R3lzQrXbr9471Qz8v3ujof66BYGmZkpCXZ7Pwi1n+vJaz89BeFhe1qXEVRXvzLHFZ3lbLDbZzIs9ekpI07cpfUr8/yFDpYDVWVOXTsjobG2Txqj0l9W/KWU6Va9Gyt8vfNcCZlwH+vfawvQ1rqcNxDr20ZVOs1/ABVRt1IRenOufOMZcaS5Za/fxT76LOUxYCe0rjgKkBzheAFAN+TVDkTvlfTbFLnjqNvxYV00Sw7l4vz7PphU9sZdBnTcwedeclBp4cRk3nmXPzHWf144YYV6uOVxWSWhSSahDTJblnZRSQOla2BzU6b6XXqpv9EXvLKexEx/3TMoKV/8yYiqrnPKjusiK6wfJ6tzeaZKdJpXSYEtCq7whZVyvtXp+BpfsfuzJ9q+jWNvY08ci07x9+5d3Wd1QdNZuWKcb3mrNsZ5rZ4qD5vGfPzC0sz65z2v6Qm9OTnugBArCB4AUBFrfq4vIpiG1m7dW0t37Jj37FD+9Dy/z139Nx7BkNJe8j9B3+2+XZqvO5Qt65yvrP7a4bP9LRoJ3tq587XGgP7a6kWf+uKJq+hLSW1ZHCv/810XfO7j/a3K2/dOzyp7f8urVvokPUk3Gutv1K7ScdWWdSmz+o6rKDP9Lm0Nf0TcilHvYaWb9HFbe3ioMtufTQuzV3tbP3Ts8iTK3aE9px4yLW3Mn/3Yc9Zfp6nb3jaGpx3WviLY7+s5JhVy3d85uhEXV5b1YVpAaC5QPACgCroD5z8Kd/+YvB+v+17DuyMkVLUtBjpEei1aLBpB4ny0wjJad1NfeyzaM7WA5uuKOh5bTy2fLrFRmuTq98a0BQMLodssnHyCtyzZ6L3Cm250stFSEqaJLw5HbXDZ6bTBEpLwxX7L3t5DJOl16rPKjusTKp1L+f22iHpXex/UvzuDpqsX1TCiJC9XsvXOu7KUtbvvSs0bpaDKf+LDGmymyMTxpw9vGTlWueT2+hS6s5zN/qumqerLPnjxwJA04XgBQBVo8u0GPPzUvJTczOZlm03BF/ZUK56z+dmok+5Bt0d5meUzP/+QdSWagYzNgSSn3r0WVWHlVClAp6/CajyLpqUlcuCeJcFVdyj3OlzjTNwV27Qe+WJkpVffx+06XzxpvJjkDQfO+Pm2Bk/GCoANCcIXgDQ5FC/fSnH4TRoOQAAvyF4AUDTQlJUWX5qyO8AAI3g/7NJ8cdoBFiJAAAAAElFTkSuQmCC)

Figure 2: Pipeline details

\
\

2 Dependencies {.western}
==============

2.1 Software tools {.western}
------------------

The pipeline implements the stages of Figure [1] and [2], while allowing
different software tools at some of the stages depending on user's
preference. These are as shown in table [1] below, and it is assumed
that the user would specify the path to each of them in his runfile as
shown in section 2.3.

Table 1: Pipeline tools

  --------------------------- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  **Stage**                   **Tool****options**
  Quality control             Fastqc ([http://www.bioinformatics.babraham.ac.uk/projects/fastqc/](http://www.bioinformatics.babraham.ac.uk/projects/fastqc/) )
  Illumina reads trimming     Trimmomatic ([http://www.usadellab.org/cms/?page=trimmomatic](http://www.usadellab.org/cms/?page=trimmomatic) )
  Alignment                   Bwa mem ([https://github.com/lh3/bwa](https://github.com/lh3/bwa) ), Novoalign ([http://novocraft.com/](http://novocraft.com/) )
  Marking duplicates          Samblaster ([https://github.com/GregoryFaust/samblaster](https://github.com/GregoryFaust/samblaster) ), Novosort ( [http://novocraft.com/](http://novocraft.com/) ), Picard ([https://broadinstitute.github.io/picard/](https://broadinstitute.github.io/picard/) ),
  Indel realignment           GATK ([https://software.broadinstitute.org/gatk/download/](https://software.broadinstitute.org/gatk/download/) )
  Base recalibration          GATK ([https://software.broadinstitute.org/gatk/download/](https://software.broadinstitute.org/gatk/download/) )
  Calling variants            GATK (Haplotypecaller: [https://www.broadinstitute.org/gatk/gatkdocs/org\_broadinstitute\_gatk\_tools\_walkers\_haplotypecaller\_HaplotypeCaller.php](https://www.broadinstitute.org/gatk/gatkdocs/org_broadinstitute_gatk_tools_walkers_haplotypecaller_HaplotypeCaller.php) )
  Joint calling of variants   GATK (Genotypegvcf: [https://www.broadinstitute.org/gatk/gatkdocs/org\_broadinstitute\_gatk\_tools\_walkers\_variantutils\_GenotypeGVCFs.php](https://www.broadinstitute.org/gatk/gatkdocs/org_broadinstitute_gatk_tools_walkers_variantutils_GenotypeGVCFs.php) )
  Miscelleneos                Samtools ([http://samtools.github.io/](http://samtools.github.io/) )
  --------------------------- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

\
\

2.2 Databases and resources {.western}
---------------------------

For this pipeline to work a number of standard files for calling
variants are needed, namely the reference sequence, database of known
variants and the adapter sequence to be trimmed. The full path to all
these needs to be specified in the User’s runfile as specified in
section 2.3

It is important to note that the reference sequence should be prepared
first, following the GATK’s guideline
([http://gatkforums.broadinstitute.org/wdl/discussion/2798/howto-prepare-a-reference-for-use-with-bwa-and-gatk](http://gatkforums.broadinstitute.org/wdl/discussion/2798/howto-prepare-a-reference-for-use-with-bwa-and-gatk)).

For working with human data, one can download most of the needed files
from the GATK’s resource bundle:
[http://gatkforums.broadinstitute.org/gatk/discussion/1213/whats-in-the-resource-bundle-and-how-can-i-get-it](http://gatkforums.broadinstitute.org/gatk/discussion/1213/whats-in-the-resource-bundle-and-how-can-i-get-it)
. Missing from the bundle are the index files for the aligner, which are
specific to the tool that would be used for alignment (i.e., bwa or
novoalign in this pipeline)

To achieve the parallelization of Figure [2] in the
realignment/recalibration stages, the pipeline needs a separate vcf file
for each chromosome/contig, and each should be named as:
\*\${chr\_name}.vcf. If working with the GATK bundle, the sample script
([splitVCF-by-chromosome.sh](https://github.com/HPCBio/BW_VariantCalling/blob/ParameterSweep/splitVCF-by-chromosome.sh))
can be used to produce the needed files with some minor modifications
(mainly, providing the right path to the referencedir, java and
GenomeAnalysisTK.jar)

\
\

2.3 User’s runfile and sample information files {.western}
-----------------------------------------------

To run a specific stage of the pipeline, in addition to specifying the
needed script file, the user needs to supply 2 additional files, these
are the runfile and the sampleinfo files.

The sampleinformation file contains the information about the samples to
be processed by the pipeline. In its current implementation, it can
analyze paired end WES/WGS data in fastq/fq/fastq.gz/fq.gz format only.
These should be specified in tabular form of 3 columns separated by
‘space’, and according to the format below:

\<sample name\> \<full path to read1 file\> \<full path to read2 file\>

The runfile file contains all the details regarding a specific run of
the pipeline, including the tools of section 2.1, resources of section
2.2, and the sampleinformation file path as well. It would change
depending on the analysis type required.

\
\

In a nutshell, the various parameters and how they are specified are
given below:

  -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  \#\# i/o

  SAMPLEINFORMATION=\<path to the sampleinformation file\>

  \

  OUTPUTDIR=\<path to the output directory\>

  DELIVERYFOLDER=\<path where summary deliverables from the pipeline are stored. It is a subdirectory within the OUTPUTDIR\>

  \

  TMPDIR=\<path to where temporary files are stored\>

  SCRIPTDIR=\<path to where the scripts of this repo are stored locally on the machine\>

  EMAIL\*=\<email address to send torque notifications to\>

  REPORTTICKET\*=\<redmine ticket number to send notifications to\>

  \

  \#\# choose the run case

  ANALYSIS=\<depending on the analysis type it can be {ANALYSIS=ALIGNMENT, or ANALYSIS=ALIGN or ANALYSIS=ALIGN\_ONLY} for alignment only, {ANALYSIS=VC\_WITH\_REALIGNMENT} for complete variant calling with realignment, or anything else for complete variant calling without realignment\>

  \

  \#\# Read group information for the samples: namely, the Library, Platform technology, and sequencing center name. It should be noted that the sample ID, platform unit (PU) and sample name (SM) are set by default to be the same sample name found in the sampleinformation file specified

  SAMPLELB=synthetic

  SAMPLEPL=\<can be either ILLUMINA, SOLID, LS454, HELICOS and PACBIO\>

  SAMPLECN=synthetic

  \

  \#\# The tools to be used in this run of the pipeline (where a selection can be made)

  ALIGNERTOOL=\<the tool to be used for the alignment stage of the pipeline. Can be either BWAMEM or NOVOALIGN. Only the respective INDEX and PARAMS need to be specified in the next block of the runfile\>

  MARKDUPLICATESTOOL=\<the tool to be used for marking duplicates in the pipeline. Can be any of these: samblaster, novosort or PICARD\>

  \

  \#\# Alignment block parameters and Trimming options.

  BWAINDEX=\<Path to the indexed reference file for bwa, if it is the desired aligner \>

  BWAMEMPARAMS=\<optional parameters to bwa mem, if used as an aligner. Example: -k 32 -I 30,30\>

  NOVOALIGNINDEX=\<path to the indexed reference file for novoalign, if it is the desired aligner\>

  NOVOALIGNPARAMS=\<optional parameters to novoalign, if used as an aligner\>

  CHRNAMES=\<a colon (:) separated list of chromosome or contig names to split files by. Only these regions will be processed in the stages following the alignment\>

  TRIMMOMATICPARAMS=\<parameters to trimmomatic for trimming illumina reads. Example :2:20:10 LEADING:5 TRAILING:5 MINLEN:25\>

  \

  \#\# Quality thresholds (for reporting only, as the pipeline will continue with the next stage regardless of whether these thresholds were respected or not):

  MAP\_CUTOFF=\<minimum mapping quality of reads to pass QC test after alignment\>

  DUP\_CUTOFF=\<maximum duplication level in reads to pass QC test after alignment\>

  \

  \#\# paths to resources and tools - See section 2.1 and 2.2

  ADAPTERS=\<path to the adapter file to be used with trimmomatic\>

  REFGENOMEDIR=\<path to the directory where all reference files and databases are stored\>

  REFGENOME=\<name of the reference genome file within REFGENOMEDIR. Example ucsc.hg19.fasta in the GATK bundle 2.8\>

  DBSNP=\<name of the dbsnp file within REFGENOMEDIR. Example dbsnp\_138.hg19.vcf in the GATK bundle 2.8\>

  INDELDIR=\<name of the directory within REFGENOMEDIR that contains a vcf file for each chromosome/contig specified by the CHRNAMES parameter. These files need to be named as: \*\${chr\_name}.vcf \>

  OMNI=\<name of the omni variants file. Example: 1000G\_omni2.5.hg19.sites.vcf in the GATK bundle 2.8\>

  \

  \# Example entries for tools’ path in biocluster

  TRIMMOMATICDIR=/home/apps/trimmomatic/trimmomatic-0.33/trimmomatic-0.33.jar

  FASTQCDIR=/home/apps/fastqc/fastqc-0.11.4

  BWAMEMDIR=/home/apps/bwa/bwa-0.7.15

  NOVOCRAFTDIR=/home/apps/novocraft/novocraft-3.02

  SAMBLASTERDIR=/home/apps/samblaster/samblaster-0.1.22/bin

  PICARDIR=/home/apps/picard-tools/picard-tools-2.4.1

  GATKDIR=/home/apps/gatk/gatk-3.6

  SAMDIR=/home/apps/samtools/samtools-1.3.1/bin

  JAVADIR=/home/apps/java/jdk1.8.0\_65/bin

  \

  \#\# pbs torque resources

  PBSNODES=\<number of nodes\>

  PBSCORES=\<number of cores\>

  PBSQUEUE=\<name of the queue\>

  PBSWALLTIME=\<wall time\>
  -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

\* The pipeline tracks the execution of the various stages by sending
email notification of qsub jobs (the EMAIL parameter), and also by
reporting a summary of a given run in redmine
[http://www.redmine.org/](http://www.redmine.org/). In its current
implementation, the pipeline will send these to HPCBio’s redmine
instance, and the given ticket number (the REPORTTICKET parameter)

\
\

2.4 Repo index/ The scripts {.western}
---------------------------

This pipeline
([https://github.com/HPCBio/BW\_VariantCalling/tree/ParameterSweep](https://github.com/HPCBio/BW_VariantCalling/tree/ParameterSweep)
) can be invoked in one of 3 ways depending on analysis requirement.
These are specified in the table below:

  -------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  **Desired analysis**                                                 **Invoke as+**
  Quality Control check of the raw reads and trimming                  bash trim\_input.sh \<runfile\>
  Aligning reads to a reference and basic quality control thereafter   bash start.sh \<runfile\>\*
  Complete variant calling, including the realignment stage            bash start.sh \<runfile\>\*
  Complete variant calling, without the realignment stage              bash start.sh \<runfile\>\*
  Resume execution after a failing job                                 bash resumePartialExectuion.sh \<path to the logs directory from the failed run of the workflow\> \<name of the task to be resubmitted in the form qsub\*realVcall\*\>
  -------------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

+ Better to use nohup to run your analysis, as in: nohup \<script\_dir\>
\<needed\_file\> \> log.nohup to be able to track the run quickly, and
also log off freely afterwards.

\* The ANALYSIS parameter in the runfile needs to be configured as was
described in section 2.3 for each case.

The details of the remaining files of the repo are as in the table
below:

  ------------------------------ -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  **Script**                     **Description**
  align\_dedup.sh                The script to carry out the alignment job
  realign\_varcall\_by\_chr.sh   The script to carry out the realignment, recalibration and variant calling jobs
  merge\_vcf.sh                  The script to merge the bams (we split the per-sample bams by chromosome/contig in the realignment /recalibration stage, and now we merge that)
  joint\_vcf.sh                  The script to carry out the joint variant calling job
  summary.sh                     The script to generate summaries about the last run of the pipeline (which jobs/samples failed/succeeded)
  ------------------------------ -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The remaining files are not used as part of the variant calling pipeline
of Figure [2] but are documented here for future use if needed. They are
provided as-is, and are likely to require some debugging to be fully
working properly.

\
\

  --------------------- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  **Script**            **Description**
  start\_vqsr.sh        A script (pipeline to do VQSR) to the per-sample raw vcf files after calling the variants using the start.sh pipeline. It does so by calling the recalibrate\_vcf.sh script. It expects a sampleinfo file that lists the locations of the rawvcf files resulting from running the start.sh pipeline
  recalibrate\_vcf.sh   A script to do VQSR to both snps and indels. Actually, in its current form it doesn't produce the right results (VQSR is a 2-stage process (modelling then applying the model), and the stages should be carried out in this order for SNPs and then Indels. **I’m not sure it would still give the right results if the SNPs and Indels models were built first, and then applied; which is the current implementation)**
  mutect2\_1pair.sh     A script to call variants in normal/tumor samples using mutect2 from the GATK
  read\_fate.sh         A script to generate an overall summary of the alignment job (parsed from the alignment log files), containing the total number of reads, total mapped reads, total duplicates, percentage duplicates and percentage mapped reads
  index\_bams.sh        A script to index recalibrated bam files. It is said to be needed to run Mutect2,**but not sure**
  vcfstats.sh           A script to generate vcf stats on all vcfs resulting from the workflow (QC step)
  --------------------- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

\
\

3 Results {.western}
=========

The results from a typical run of the pipeline are organized according
to the hierarchy shown in Figure [3] below. Overall, the DELIVERYFOLDER
contains the key summarizing files of the run (the cleaned up bams,
gvcfs and final vcf from joint calling; in addition to the summary
reports regarding the quality of the data, and copies of the
sampleinformation and runfile files). Each sample also has its own
directory that contains the files generated after each stage. In Figure
[3], a color coding schema is employed to differentiate the files that
would be generated according to how the user specifies the ANALYSIS
parameter in the runfile.

![](data:image/png;base64,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)

Figure 3: Output directories and files generated from a typical run of
the pipeline

One way to test the functionality of this pipeline, is to run it
against a test dataset for which the truth is known (i.e., there exists
a vcf file with true variants). The Genome in a Bottle Consortium
(GIAB), curates such data including the raw fastq files, the cleaned
bams, and the final variants file.

As an example, the pipeline was run using the whole exome sequence
dataset of sample NA12878 as produced by the Garvan Institute:
[http://www.garvan.org.au/research/kinghorn-centre-for-clinical-genomics/clinical-genomics/sequencing-services/sample-data](http://www.garvan.org.au/research/kinghorn-centre-for-clinical-genomics/clinical-genomics/sequencing-services/sample-data)

Calling the variants in the data produced by Robot1 (i.e. replicate 1)
of an average \~34X, and the default parameters of the pipeline, the
concordance between the final vcf file (query file) produced from the
pipeline and the truth dataset obtained from the Garvan institute
website is as show in the table below (as generated by hap.py)

Table 1: Benchmarking summary\*

  ------- -------- ------------- ---------- ---------- ------------- ---------- --------------- ------------------
  Type    Filter   TRUTH.TOTAL   TRUTH.TP   TRUTH.FN   QUERY.TOTAL   QUERY.FP   METRIC.Recall   METRIC.Precision
  INDEL   ALL      803045        767492     35553      886700        119213     0.955727        0.865554
  INDEL   PASS     803045        764680     38365      883879        119204     0.952226        0.865135
  SNP     ALL      3689294       3614155    75139      3806647       192500     0.979633        0.949431
  SNP     PASS     3689294       3523155    166139     3714249       191102     0.954967        0.948549
  ------- -------- ------------- ---------- ---------- ------------- ---------- --------------- ------------------

\* This table is extracted from hap.py output reports. The scripts to
obtain this data and perform the benchmarking are in the Miscellaneous
directory of the repo

\
\

1.  For some reason, Neat is not really producing meaningful
    comparisons! It is giving 0 for all the comparisons: golden
    variants, workflow variants, differences between the two vcfs, and
    the resulting FP and FN files are also meaningless!\
    \
    This could be something about the way I’m calling it, so here is the
    code excerpt:

\
\

\
reference="/home/groups/hpcbio\_shared/azza/H3A\_NextGen\_assessment\_set3/data/genome"

goldenFile=/home/groups/hpcbio\_shared/azza/GIAB/reads/Gravan\_raw/NA12878\_V2.5\_Robot\_1.hc.vqsr.vep.vcf

workflowFile=/home/groups/hpcbio\_shared/azza/GIAB/results/run8/delivery/jointVCFs/jointVCFcalled.vcf

\
\

module load python/2.7.9

vcf\_compare\_dir=/home/groups/hpcbio\_shared/azza/H3A\_NextGen\_assessment\_set3/builds/NEAT/neat-genreads/utilities

python \$vcf\_compare\_dir/vcf\_compare\_OLD.py -r
\$reference/ucsc.hg19.fasta -g \${goldenFile} -w \${workflowFile} -o
/home/groups/hpcbio\_shared/azza/GIAB/results/run8/variant\_compare\_neat
--incl-homs --incl-fail --vcf-out --no-plot

\
\

\
\

